Debrief Log: Jack Flag (Jack Harrison, Vigilante, enhanced strength and constitution):“I don’t know how it started. We were down at Starlin’s, minding our own business. It’s the best place to get a drink on Knowhere, the giant severed-robot-head-slash-research-station-at-the-end-of-space that the Guardians think is a normal venue for a HQ. Anyway... did I mention I’m allergic to cosmic stuff?” Debrief Log: Star-Lord (Peter Jason Quill, Half Terran/Half Spartoi, No enhanced abilities):“We were celebrating the return of Phyla and Drax. They’d been off on their travels, and somehow they’d managed to bring back Moondragon from the dead.  You know, I’m going to ask them some serious questions about that.” Debrief Log: Rocket Raccoon (Evolved mammal, tactical and demolitions expertise):“Then the Shi’ar dude, he says something about Captain Marvel, so Phyla puts him through a wall. That’s when in really kicked off.” Debrief Log: Mantis (Celestial Madonna, empathy, telepath, pyrokinetic):“Phyla has changed. She is no longer Quasar. She no longer possesses the quantum bands. She has taken the name Martyr. This troubles me. It particularly troubles me because I cannot read her future. Not at all. Of course a bar fight might not be the best time to discuss such concerns.” Debrief Log: Bug (Kaliklak entomological bioform, warrior-acrobat):“Moondragon though. Hot, am I –tik- right? Eh? Eh? Am I right? Huh? What do you –tik- mean, ‘she gets on the other bus’?” Debrief Log: Major Victory (Vance Astro, time-displaced human, combat genius):“They were called Shi’ar. A fierce warrior race, apparently. One of their warbirds had been sent to resupply their delegation on Knowhere, and their ship’s crew were enjoying a little shore leave. I don’t know the Shi’ar. Where I come from, their species has been extinct for thousands of years.” Debrief Log: Groot (His divine majesty Groot the 23rd, monarch of Planet X, custodian of the Branch Worlds, ruler of all he shades, Flora Colossus):“I am Groot.” The Guardians of the Galaxy are in the middle of a bar fight, caused by Phyla-Vel, but are interrupted by a blinding flash of light. Adam Warlock arrives with Gamora asks what’s going on. Guardians’ Control Center, Ten minutes and a few glasses of sober-past... later:The Kree and the Shi’ar have gone to war. Adam explains that the Shi’ar have already used nega-bombs against Kree targets and the fragile fabric of space time will not withstand the abuse. The war must be stopped quickly and cleanly. Star-Lord asks if this means Warlock is rejoining the team to which Adam responds he’s not rejoining in a formal sense and doesn’t wish to take orders from Peter, but he will work with them for their common goal. Peter tries to explain why he had Mantis mentally encourage people to join the Guardians, the reason why Adam quit,  but Adam doesn’t want to hear it. Later Warlock and Star-Lord explain the situation to the rest of the team who are sceptical about how much they can do. What do they propose they do? asks Bug. Sit Black Bolt and Vulcan down and talk them out of it?  An unsure Star-Lord looks to Warlock for assent before responding that that’s exactly what they’re going to do. Later: Tactics.Star-Lord and Rocket plan out their strategy for resolving the War of Kings. They will split into two teams, one to approach the Kree and the other the Shi’ar.  Because Peter has a history with the Kree, Rocket says he should to go Hala while Rocket tackles the Shi’ar. Because of the higher risk associated with the Shi’ar Rocket calls Warlock, Groot, Major Victory and Drax for his team. Rocket is confident both missions will go well and if worse comes to worst he can get Warlock and Drax to give Vulcan noogies until he folds. Peter is less confident, and when he asks if they can actually do this, Rocket tells him not to spoil the moment. Soon after, the group is split into two teams; the Kree team consisting of Rocket, Groot, Adam Warlock, Major Victory and Drax; the Shi’ar team consisting of Star-Lord, Martyr, Gamora, Bug and Jack Flag.  Meanwhile the telepaths Mantis, Moondragon and Cosmo will remain at Knowhere to coordinate. The two teams are ready to teleport out and Rocket cracks a joke they he’s ready to “rocket” that falls flat. A moment later the three telepaths burst out laughing after which Cosmo apologizes and explains that he “teeped” a funny joke. Both teams teleport out. Fissure collapse zone, Disradi system, Kree Frontier:Debrief Log: Major Victory explains that Disradi was a Kree colony world destroyed by the Shi’ar nega-bombs. The bombs not only killed everyone but also tore a hole in space. On the burning planet Disradi, which is plummeting into a tear in space Adam Warlock struggles to compose a spell the transform the planet into an ultra transition metal, which will hopefully plug the fissure. From Knowhere the telepaths monitor the situation and Rocket requests they teleport them aboard Vulcan’s flasgship as soon as they can because Groot is starting to smolder.  Mantis is concerned the ship might have teleport shields but Rocket thinks they can’t be that unlucky. The Royal City of Attilan, Hala:The Kree team approach the Royal Family of the Inhumans; most of the group aren’t confident but Star-Lord reminds them that the Inhumans are the good guys in this conflict and the Shi’ar are the aggressors. This is a cake walk. Star-Lord introduces himself to Black Bolt and asks that they cease hostilities, explaining that the fabric of space cannot handle it.  Speaking for her husband, Medusa simply responds “No”.  The stunned Guardians are not sure what to do now. Fissure Collapse Zone, Disradi System:Adam completes his spell in the nick of time, sealing the rip in space. Mantis immediately teleports the group out after. Vicinity of the third Shi’ar battlegroup, edge of the Disradi System:The Guardians materialize in space in a flash of light, because Vulcan’s ship was teleport shielded the Guardian’s entry. However the shield was not proofed against Adam’s magic so he is the only one to successfully make his way on to the ship. Unfortunately he finds himself face to face with Vulcan, who blasts him with energy. Outside, in space, the other are drifting aimlessly and unable to contact Knowhere; coms are down and the teleport passports are fried. Soon after they’re noticed by the Shi’ar, who prepare to bring them aboard. Upon being teleported on to the ship they find themselves face to face with the Starjammers (currently consisting of Havok, Polaris, Ch’od, Cr+eee, Korvus and Marvel Girl), not Shi’ar. Ch’od is happy to see Rocket, explaining that he and Corsair used to freeboot with the raccoon back in the day. Havok explains they stole their Ironclad ship and have been shadowing the Shi’ar fleet and Korvus advises the fleet wants to know why they teleported the Guardians aboard instead of killing them. Havok says it’s time to go to their Plan B. Plan B involves detonating the stolen Shi’ar ship and blasting out of Dodge in the Starjammer. Rocket asks the Starjammers what they’re doing here, what’s their plan? Havok responds, they are going to rescue Majestrix Lilandra, restore her to the throne of the Shi’ar empire, and topple the tyrant Vulcan. “You in?” 