With Tim shutting down the Spark, which is Halo City’s only power supply, the Graverobber is certain that the city’s leaders will give him everything he wants: meaning control over Halo City, and the life of Zail Haddad.  Meanwhile, Gunnar hesitates whether or not he should help the defeated La Lunática out. But his thoughts get beaten by the supers-speed of Meanstreak, who instead does the rescuing and brings Luna to the other X-Men, who have arrived to safe the day. At least, that’s what they will try to do. While Sham takes care of Luna, Shakti and the other X-Men point their attention to the Undead. Shakti tells the Graverobber that the X-Men will only give them one chance to leave Halo City – or else!  The Graverobber isn’t impressed by Shakti’s ultimatum and doesn’t see what possible harm the mutants could do to him or his team. Meanstreak and Krystalin recognize Serpentina and can’t believe that the Graverobber actually revived her.  The Graverobber doesn’t understand why Shakti defends her father like this, when she made the right decision ten years ago and left him. Meanstreak doesn’t defend Zail’s crimes, but doesn’t allow the crimes of the Undead either and attacks them. Arcadian defends his master, throwing his charged-up cards like his “poppa” used to do. The cards hit Meanstreak’s legs and harm him.  Meanstreak can’t run anymore, but luckily Krystalin protects him with a crystal-made igloo. Serpentina tries to destroy the igloo using her Venom Stinger gun, but Krystalin knocks the weapon out of her hands. Serpentina wants to defend her master at all costs. Krystalin notices how hypnotized Serpentina’s voice sounds and tells her former friend to fight it. Serpentina recognizes Krystalin as well, but finds that her past is behind her and that her life now belongs to the Graverobber. Serpentina attacks and knocks Krystalin down. Sham sees this and, since she doesn’t know Serpentina at all, she easily fights back and defeats the former X-Man.  Ember attacks Sham and destroys her jacket. The villain surrounds Sham in a flame circle, so she is trapped. Meanstreak would help her out, but his legs are still useless after the shot and he also gets attacked by a furious Catscratch.  Luna wakes up and realizes that the X-Men are in a fight, so she helps them out and defeats Catscratch. Shakti attacks the Graverobber, knowing that this event isn’t about her father, but about Halo City and everything it represents. Shakti won’t turn that over to an insane villain. The Graverobber believes that Shakti is only fighting to regain her father’s love, but won’t allow that.  Shakti realizes something, and finds out that the Graverobber is still alive beneath all the circuitry on his body. She attacks the Graverobber again, but he makes Nicolai attack Shakti instead and grabs her by her throat.  Gunnar Heywood oversees the drama, but doesn’t know what he could possibly do to help the X-Men. As he watches, Gunnar still doesn’t realize that he is being watched by two evil-looking red eyes.  Morphine appears behind Nicolai and touches him. Nicolai’s body turns into ashes. The Undead want to kill Morphine for that, but Morphine tries to calm them down, saying that he is there to negotiate. The other X-Men don’t want to hear about it, but decide to hear the man out first. Morphine tells the Graverobber doesn’t really want to control Halo City, despite what he says, and only wants to have his revenge. So, Morphine gives them… Zail Haddad! Morphine tells the Undead that they can have the old man, in exchange for making them Tim use his powers to recharge the Spark again.  The X-Men don’t want to do it, especially not Luna, who is worried about Tim’s life. Morphine promises that he has thought about that, too. Unheard, Shakti says to herself that Morphine has overstepped his authority and won’t forget it.  The Graverobber grabs Haddad and remembers the disaster that caused him to change in the creature he is now. The Graverobber takes the blindfold off from Zail’s mouth and asks his enemy if he has any last words before he dies. Zail shouts that Morphine is going to kill them both.  Morphine confirms, saying that he indeed brought Zail to the Graverobber, but was smart enough to wire Zail’s restraints with enough neural charge to slow down an elephant! Morphine activates the charge and gives both Zail and the Graverobber a powerful electrical shock, which in theory is strong enough to kill them both!  Zail and the Graverobber fall down, and the Undead members suddenly don’t feel so good and faint. The X-Men wonder if their enemies are dead. They think it’s best to burn their bodies up.  Shakti hates Morphine for using her father like this. He had no right to it. Morphine defends himself that the X-Men would have never allowed him to do it. Shakti doesn’t want to hear his excuses and attacks Morphine with a psychic attack, making him knocked-out for a while. Krystalin can’t believe that Serpentina was abused like this.  Luna wants to know what’s going to happen to Tim now. Tim is screaming, as all the energy that got stored up in his body after shutting the Spark down, now once again floats out of his body. Reiko visits Tim again, telling him that he is now free. Reiko explains otherwise, telling Tim that his salvation was in the physical world, and that he is still tied to his corporeal self. Reiko claims that he was only hear to guide Tim through all of this. She adds that what Tim experienced as death was merely a first step into transformation. Reiko fades away, promising Tim that he will soon learn the truth.  Tim wakes up and Luna immediately goes to him. Tim doesn’t understand what’s happening to him: his powers are on, and he can’t turn them off!  Meanwhile in the polyclinic, Xi’an heals an old lady. Sister Margaret informs Xi’an that an old friend came by to see him. Victor Ten Eagles greets his old friend, but says that something bad is happening. His right arm is gone, and he had to leave New Mexico because someone is hunting down the surviving members of the Lawless. Their past is catching up with them.  Elsewhere, the X-Men give Serpentina a proper funeral, making sure that she will never be revived again by anyone. Tim is giving the honors, and he spreads her ashes across the ocean.  Meanwhile, at the Halo City airstrip, Morphine welcomes several of Herod’s Puzzle Samurai and hands them over the remains of the Undead. The Samurai aren’t pleased to only see four of them, when they expected seven. Morphine tells the Samurai not to worry, because their master will be happy to see that the Graverobber is still intact.  The Samurai depart, with final note to tell Morphine that the contract on his life has been cancelled. Shakti appears behind Morphine, asking what he is going to do when Herod decides to use the Graverobber to make him create an army of undead. Morphine doesn’t want to bother about that now and leaves, because he has some work to do.  Epilogue…  A beam destroys the Puzzle Samurai’s ship. The one responsible steps out of the shadows and is revealed to be… Doom! Doom knows that the Undead wouldn’t be of use to Herod once the man finds out that he is still alive. Doom plans to deal with Herod first, and then with Morphine and the X-Men. After all, he built Halo City. Its future belongs to him… 