 In the year 2055, mutants have been hunted to near extinction. Two young mutants are pursued by the deadly Sentinels, but are rescued when one of the remaining rebels, Wolverine, saves them – only for all three to be captured by a mutant tracker named Bishop, who takes them to a mutant termination center, where, to his surprise, he is informed by a Sentinel that there is no further use for him, and that he will be terminated, too. Bishop and Wolverine walk past the gravestones of several X-Men, before the two young mutants lead a fight against the Sentinels. Wolverine joins in the fight, before the two young mutants are killed. Bishop realizes that he and Wolverine have to escape, and do so, running for safety to a hideout where Wolverine and his associate, Forge, have been holed up. They reveal to Bishop that they have devised a time portal and plan to go back into the past – to put a stop to the information assassination of the 1990s which led to this diabolical future. Bishop realizes that means they are going after one of the X-Men, and offers to go back in place of Wolverine, as he is a tracker and will have more luck finding the X-Man. Forge agrees with Bishop's plan, and Wolverine reluctantly does so, too. Bishop is given an armband transceiver which will keep him in the 1990s time period, but is warned that if the armband is destroyed, he returns to this time. Suddenly, they find themselves under attack. Wolverine and Forge do what they can to hold the attacker off as Bishop enters the portal, only he thinks something latched onto him. But, he arrives back in the 1990s, slightly disorientated, and isn't sure what his reason for being here is, until he sees a newspaper article about Professor Xavier. He tracks down the X-Men's home and breaks in, where he confronts Cyclops and Jubilee. Wolverine lunges at him and they fight, until Professor X breaks them up. Bishop agrees to undergo a psychic examination, and the Professor pulls from his mind horrible images of the future. Bishop puts forward his case for completing his mission to stop the X-Man that will assassinate the anti-mutant leader. But his transceiver is activated and Bishop realizes he has been followed from the future. He heads back to the place where he arrived, accompanied by Cyclops, Wolverine, Jean Grey, Storm and Jubilee, where they encounter the robot that followed Bishop after taking out future Wolverine and Forge, a superior form of Sentinel known as a Nimrod. The X-Men battle the Nimrod, but the robot is very powerful. Eventually, Storm is able to defeat it, and Bishop destroys the Nimrod's transceiver, sending it back into the future. They return to the X-Mansion, where they are joined by Gambit and Rogue – and upon seeing Gambit, Bishop remembers that Gambit is the assassin – and opens fire! 