Extraterrestrial T/O strain terminated Cypher announces, as he holds the head of Warlock, whom he just killed, in his hand. The New Mutants look at him in horror. How is that possible? Dani Moonstar wonders. They find this event illegible? he asks and tosses Warlock’s head into the ocean. Very well. He will author another. The head splashes into the water and sinks. Sam calls back to Sunspot, asking how the unconscious Magma is. Her uniform has clotted the wound, Sunspot replies. He thinks she’s stable. She remains on? Cypher asks. That is not the binary position his queen wishes her in. Perhaps his actions require an exclamation mark. Suddenly, he hesitates as he detects a foreign code within himself, a foreign personality scrip referenced as Dougramsey. It begins to self-execute and he sinks to his knees, moaning. Memories:He lives through Doug’s memories as saved by Warlock.Doug, before he knew he was a mutant, befriending Kitty Pryde thanks to his mad computer skills, with Kitty unaware that he actually felt more than friendship. Later, as a New Mutant, told by their new headmaster Magneto that he shouldn’t take part in the Danger Room session. He guesses he’s not worth the grief, Doug pouts. Warlock telling him he is wrong. They touch and he shares Warlock’s view of the world. Later again, trying to save Wolfsbane and dying in the rescue, shot by the mad Animator. Present:What’s wrong with him? Karma asks. It doesn’t matter, Dani decides taking a step toward him, knife drawn. Sam tells her to hold it. Warlock was sure this is Doug Ramsey, infected with some sort of virus. Dani reminds him he just tried to kill Amara. What is he saying they do? Sam admits he doesn’t know. He’s just saying it might not involve her scary knife. What language is he? Cypher moans. That’s not for him to know, a new voice announces. His kind has never been able to grasp the fact that some knowledge is dangerous. O Diablo em pessoa! Sunspot bursts out. He was warned, the newcomer continues as he walks in from the balcony, but he had to sample the forbidden fruit, didn’t he? the Devil asks with an evil grin. Is that the devil? Dani asks while Illyana summons her Soulsword. Sam mutters they can’t keep that door open. The devil grabs Cypher by the chin. He has to say on every other occasion he’d approve wholeheartedly. But a deal’s a deal… He was to stay away from his friend from the stars. He… he turned him off, Cypher cries. Regardless, the devil continues, he’s eaten the apple. The damage is done. Did he bring Doug back to life? Dani asks. That’s no concern of hers, the devils states. What she should be asking herself is who brought the devil back to life? asks the person who did, the Hellion Tarot, surrounded by her teammates all standing outside on the balcony. Sam swears. They should be dead too. Is she a bitch for not missing them? At all? Dani asks. Bevatron remarks that Ramsey’s made a mess of things. He’ll need his firmware scrubbed. She hopes that’s as painful as it sounds, Roulette purrs.No, he’s mine! the devil shouts. Jetstream orders Tarot to call off her ghoul. They really can’t leave that door open, Sam sighs. Agreed, Dani replies ad throws her knife at a button. The emergency pressure seal is initiated and steel doors rush closed trapping Jetstream in between, severing him in two. While Karma is shocked, Illyana just remarks “impressive.” Dani defends herself that it’s Jetstream for God’s sake. She thought he’d be quicker than that, promise! Cypher screams as within him two programs fight. Sunspot shouts they need to move Amara to the med bay while they have the time. Oh, he’s afraid they all belong to him now. For he is Belial, the crooked serpent. He is Beelzebub, the father of lies, the angel of the bottomless pit and the enslaver of men. She has heard enough from him, Illyana announces threatening him with her Soulsword. He is the invention of imaginationless men… the joke humanity played on itself. She knows of demons, she announces and cuts him in two. Well, that’s that then, Sam announces, let’s go. Wait! Dani shouts, pointing at Jetstream’s half a corpse. Did he just move? It’s fine, Karma announces, bowing over him, he’s dead. With a scream, Jetstream awakes and then his upper half flies toward Cypher and tackles him, shouting his queen needs him. That moment, the comm. channel is restored. Cyclops announces that the Black Queen is using some sort of magic to resurrect… Got it, Sam interrupts. He’s moving his team. Illyana calls up a teleportation circle. Jetstream holds back the crying Cypher while the other Hellions are breaking through the door. Cypher cries Sam’s name. Why are they leaving? They know him! What language is he? he shouts as the mutants teleport away. They rematerialize outside Utopia where a battle between X-Men and Selene’s zombies is under way. They’re all coming back, Sam muses. Karma addresses him. When she was in Doug’s mind… he felt confused, under control, but… she thinks it was him. Maybe they shouldn’t have left him, he muses. Roberto reminds them Cypher hurt Amara. They’ve got to get moving. He dodges the next moment, as the resurrected Stonewall thrashes Colossus into the place he stood a moment ago. Worried, Illyana shouts brother. Colossus asks her to get behind him. The dead are walking! They are not ones to talk, Illyana replies wryly. Stonewall suggests Colossus stay down and accept death. He tires of teaching him that lesson. He cannot be moved if his feet are planted on solid ground. Putting down Amara, Sunspot replies: good to know. He jumps against Stonewall’s legs, tumbling him and softening him up for Colossus who beats him into his comrade Supersabre. Colossus reaches for Illyana, who recoils. He tells her he must go now. They will not be down for long. He orders her to make her way to Cyclops. Now! And runs. /&%$ that, Sunspot states, lifting up Magma again. He tells Illyana to take them to the infirmary. She doesn’t know where it is, Illyana replies. Teleporting them there would be… messy. Then they are leaving on foot, he insists. Sam decides that Dani is to go with Bobby and make sure Amara gets some help. Shan and Illyana are with him. They are going after Doug. Is he sure about this? Dani asks. Whether Doug is back or not, he replies, the Hellions want him. That means he wants him more. Below, the Hellions hold the struggling screaming Cypher, who is fighting the reboot, and, in the waters, Warlock’s head absorbs the life energy of any small animal that touches him… 