The Floating Kingdom of Roma Regina, where Roma reclines on her sofa-like throne, and looks up to see Saturnyne standing over her. 'What a pleasure to have you here!' Roma remarks, adding that today will be a difficult lesson for their student. 'He has to understand, Roma – the story is bigger than you or me' Saturnyne adds. 'Give him time' Roma replies. They walk down a staircase behind a hidden passage, and Roma asks Shogo if he is listening. 'Stories are magic, and as such, they have a cost. A balance must be made. There can be no joy without great suffering, and none would suffer without job to gain from it. Where are you?' The women find Shogo the dragon slumped over on the ground, and Saturnyne tells Shogo that he can't just shrink away. 'I know you're frightened, my sweet little changeling, but altering your form won't help. It's hard to take the medicine one must in order to grow up and be strong' Saturnyne adds. The women lead Shogo to a pool of water nearby. 'Poor shrinking violet' Saturnyne utters. 'A knight must know virtue and sacrifice. You have to learn the cost of things...and stories are how we shall teach you'. 'Do you understand yet, my little friend? You must watch...' Roma begins. '... as one of your beloved friends must die' Saturnyne concludes. Roma drops some flowers in the water, while Saturnyne drops some crystals into it, and Shogo begins to howl. Meantime, at the Crooked Market, 'Targeting – witchbreed -' a large Fury states, firing a blast of energy towards a group of fairies, who fly past it. Rachel Summers unleashes her fiery rage against the Fury, as Remy LeBeau a.k.a. Gambit instructs Meggan and Bei the Blood Moon to keep the Furies off of them. Meggan and Bei lead a group from the Crooked Market down an alleyway, with Amazing Baby running alongside. Gambit then tells Colin McKay a.k.a. Kylun to send out the alarm.  Kylun does so by screeching his sonic scream, and Gambit adds that they have to find where Merlyn took Mad Jim Jaspers. 'Even if he is a $%&!' 'Far ahead of you, Gambit!' Meggan calls back, when suddenly, she reaches the end of the lane, and another Fury appears, blasting her mid-air. 'Witchbreed royalty neutralized' the Fury states. Meggan lands against the side of a building which collapses, and when she emerges from the rubble, she looks angry. 'You cannot defeat me here. Otherworld is my home!' she exclaims. Meggan declares that the elements are hers to command as she creates a twister, that wraps around her, levitating her back into the air, she removes herself from the twister which is so huge now that it envelops the Fury. Meggan holds her ground, as Rachel telepathically tells her to keep the winds up, and that between the winds and the flames, that Fury is going down. The Fury seems to lean towards several civilians, but Gambit and Bei lead them to safety, with Gambit calling out 'We need crowd control – this Fury's about to land on half these li'l folks!' 'MOVE!' Bei shouts, while Meggan continues to hold the Fury in the twister, warning the horrible being that there is no escaping her now. 'I'm sending you home to the Everforge!' Meggan exclaims as she uses the twister to hurl the Fury away from the Crooked Market. 'Merlyn and Arthur can try to fix what's left of him' Meggan remarks as she returns to her friends. Bei smiles, and suggests 'Let them see their own fallen warriors sail overhead and crash into their walls. It's a fine revenge, Lady Meggan'. 'Pretty cool, but we're not any closer to finding Mad Jim, and this place is a war zone!' Rachel Summers exclaims, suggesting that they reconvene with the rest of the Knights before they try and rescue Jim. As Rachel drops down to where the others are gathered with some of the locals from the Crooked Market they rescued, and as she does, three little people look up to her and cry out 'Askani! Askani!' while Gambit asks Rachel if she is kidding, and reminds her that Mad Jim is a mutant and a captive, and they can't let Merlyn get away with that. He adds that they don't need to be running to Captain Britain, as they can handle this, and Captain Britain and her team can find the Siege Perilous. Kylun asks if Mad Jim created the Furies in the first place, to which Rachel scowls and explains that a variant did, but this one is different, like he is a composite of many times. 'Askani! Mother!' one of the locals calls out again. Rachel asks where they learned that word, to which a man smiles and tells her it is from a story. 'It told us you would come. Bright lady of fame!' a woman reveals, leaving Rachel speechless. Rachel then turns to Gambit and tells him that she needs to find Betsy, but Gambit argues that they have to find Jim. 'We won't have to. They're not hiding Jim – they're bringing him out to execute him!' a wide-eyed Kylun calls out as he points to a stage nearby, where several large ogre-like beings are lined up next to Jim, who is shackled. 'By order of Merlyn, Omniversal Majestor, the witchbreed James Jaspers is charged with treason against reality. Henceforth, he will be stripped of his chairmanship of the Crooked Market – and his life!' one of gthe ogres announces. 'You see? They gonna kill him!' Gambit calls out to Rachel as they Knights move forward to the stage, with Gambit adding that every mutant here in the market is going to see that the Knights of X let it happen. Kylun agrees with Gambit, and declares that they have to make a stand. Rachel tells the others that she doesn't like that they are split up like this, and reveals that her psychic connection with Betsy stopped when they entered Sevalith. 'I have a bad feeling. I'm worried about her!' Rachel exclaims. 'Askani! Look out!' one of the locals cries, pointing up to the skyline, where Bei sees it too: 'It would seem the decision to stay and fight has been made for us!' Bei remarks as a Fury looms over the stage. 'Let's do this!' Gambit calls out, running forward with kinetically-charged cards at the ready. Kylun leaps into the air, swords in both hands, while Bei runs forward, and Meggan and Rachel fly towards the deadly Fury. 'For the witchbreed!' Kylun exclaims. Meanwhile in the night-kingdom of Sevalith, where the blood-drinking populace has come to love the mutants' word for vampire so much they've adopted it for themselves. They have also come to love...mutant blood! A vampire creeps through the sprawling castle, when he turns a corner and sees a figure down the end of a corridor, a red mist floating around them. The vampire sneaks up behind the other figure and puts a hand on their shoulder. The other figure then suddenly spins around and hisses at the vampire. The other figure is another vampire under the telepathic control of Betsy Braddock a.k.a. Captain Britain, who is up above on a ledge with her teammates Julio Richter a.k.a. Rictor, Shatterstar and Mordred. 'Now, Rictor!' Betsy calls out telepathically as they drop down from the ledge, with Rictor telling Betsy to hold on, as manifesting a druid staff from the aether takes a minute. The vampire looks up at the knights, before Rictor's druid staff strikes him, piercing him through his chest. 'Let's not forget the other one!' Shatterstar exclaims as he ueses his double-bladed sword to slice the other vampire's head off. Mordred tells Captain Britain that that was the last of their tail, but that they should keep moving, because some say that the blood of their own dead can make them hunger. 'They're like flies' Mordred adds. Betsy suggests they avoid the locals altogether, and reminds Mordred that they are here to question a friend of hers about the Siege Perious. 'Thankfully...he'll be quite the captive audience' Betsy remarks as the quartet run down a corridor through the red mist that wafts around the realm. Nearby, Sir Lirio Ironsights doubles back on his horse to give word to his liege – the evil King Arthur. Outside the castle, under the reddish sky, a soldier in a black iron mask tells the army to move faster, for when the vampires get hungry, their bloodlust overtakes them. King Arthur turns to a vampire called Shakai the Bloodless and asks him if he cannot speak for them. Shakai moves his horse closer to Arthur and tells him that if his brethren were still hungry when they were through with the King himself, they would then move on to him. 'They are a foul people, lord' the man in the iron mask declares. 'But they are our allies' Arthur states. Sir Lirio arrives and announces that Braddock and her knights are up ahead, not farv away, and that their party is split in half. 'We could take them!' Sir Lirio exclaims. Arthur tells Sir Lirio that he did excellent work, and raises his steed up on its hind legs, as he holds his sword overhead and announces that they ride – their time to strike is now! At that moment, Captain Britain and the others arrive at another part off the castle, where Captain Britain takes telepathic control of two Sevalithi guards, and tells the others that she thinks she senses their guest within. She adds that things were much more posh in Sevalith when she last visited. 'But perhaps now you will accept my offer of help, Death, son of Apocalypse?' Captain Britain asks as she steps past the vampire guards and finds the First Horseman known as Death, shackled and kneeling on the floor. Death ignores Captain Britain's comment, and looks over at Mordred: 'That boy, who is he?' Death asks. 'Tch. No boy stands before you. I am called Mordred. And if you are coming with us, do so quickly, or tell us what we need for our quest so we may continue onward' Mordred retort, arms folded and looking unimpressed. 'A quest?' Death asks. Mordred informs the First Horseman that they seek the Holy Grail of mutantkind – the Siege Perilous. 'Will you join us, as a witchbreed yourself?' Mordred asks. Death stands up as he announces that he knows of the Siege, and reveals that its study was a point of powerful curiosity for his father. Death then remarks that Mordred isn't the only prince of these lands, but that he knows nothing of where the Siege would have been put, or why. 'My father did love his riddles' Death adds. Betsy asks Death to leave her with her, to help her find the Siege Perilous and regain his freedom from these blood-suckers. But Death tells Betsy that he cannot, as he is enjoying his time here too much. 'Are you joking? Don't you care about anything?' Betsy asks. Rictor suggests to Betsy that Death can stay here and hang with the dead guys, because he thinks the answers they need might have been with them the whole time – in the grimoire that Apocalypse gave him. Rictor holds up the book and remarks that Death is right – if the Siege Perilous is in Otherworld, Apocalypse must have known where. Rictor then reveals that he took the grimoire to Bei and Cypher back on Krakoa, thinking that surely one of them could read it, and that Cypher could – only it was so vague he didn't understand what it was referring to. Rictor opens the grimoire and hands it to Death, asking him to read it, and tell him if it means anything. 'Oh yes, let me read you the tale...and then you'll be on your way' Death declares. (Flashback, in the early days of Krakoa's formation) Otherworld, in the realm not yet called Mercator. It's a sand-covered desert, where Absalon Mercator stands on a dune. 'It isn't much, is it?' he remarks. A voice from nearby explains to him that these provinces rise and fall, that their desolation is foretold. 'You could make something of it' the voice adds. 'Xavier is walking around inviting everyone to an island, while you're offering me a slice of another realm. What's your angle?' Mercator asks. A figure appears behind Mercator and tells him that their people ascend in power, science and technology, while there are some keys to their story that do no honor the rules of the known worlds. 'This is one of them. And it needs protecting. Of the proper sort'. The voice adds. Absolon Mercator looks up to the sky, wide-eyed, he asks 'How did you get this?' 'A human had it' the voice responds. 'They no longer do' the mysterious figure adds. Absolon reaches up and takes a small object that glows in the sky above him, as the figure instructs him to keep it safe, however he can. 'I recognize that you are one of mutantkind's most powerful. This entire realm is yours to mold, so long as that remains protected'. The figure begins to walk away, a blue and gold costume can be seen, as they inform Mercator that with this object, one can make and unmake their very souls. 'The time will come when that needs doing – when the great sacrifice is made. Open your realm to us then – no sooner' he declares. Mercator puts the object in his pocket and replies 'I can do that. Just a simple request – leave it to me... and leave me alone'. (Present) Some hours later, in the sewers of Sevalith, Shatterstar and Rictor are sitting in the entrance to another tunnel, while Betsy and Mordred sit on the walkway beneath them. 'So...Death's story seemed to imply a sacrifice is required to get into Mercator...' Rictor suggests as he flicks through the grimoire. Betsy tells Rictor that they should rest while it's daylight, because once those vampires wake up, they will need Shatterstar to get them out fast. 'Yeah, yeah' Rictor mumbles. 'Maybe it is her accent, but I am inclined to listen to the captain' Shatterstar tells his boyfriend. He takes Rictor's hand and smiles, 'There are not many comforts here. Let resting beside you be one of them?' Shatterstar asks. 'Okay, okay, I just..uh... you know I love you, right, 'Star?' Rictor replies, looking upset. 'I do' Shatterstar responds. Rictor hangs his head as he explains that Apocalypse was very important to him. 'Oh, Julio... what kind of man would I be to be jealous of your feelings? What with my own romantic past?' Shatterstar asks, putting a hand on Rictor's shoulder. 'Ahhh, Star, I mean the grimoire stuff... since Apocalypse left, I've waited for a sign. Something I could do to do right by him. To thank him for what he gave me – the purpose, the knowledge of it' Rictor explains. Rictor then announces that if Apocalypse put the Siege Perilous away, to be unlocked by a sacrifice, then it should be him. 'Do you once more feel the call of the void? You are beloved!' a concerned Shatterstar exclaims, putting his hands on Rictor's face. Rictor closes his eyes and assures Shatterstar that it is nothing like that, but points out that someone has to do it. 'The death card is just about change, right? I'll...come back' Rictor adds. Shatterstar pulls Rictor closer and kisses his head. 'I'll just be...different, maybe. Who knows, you might like me better' Rictor adds. 'I...could never exert my control over you simply because I am in love with you. And I know I would love any version of you' Shatterstar responds. Rictor places his head against Shatterstar's chest and Shatterstar holds Rictor close, telling him '... but, my love... losing you would be my sacrifice. And I am simply unwilling'. Suddenly, Betsy interrupts the tender moment, calling out to Shatterstar, she tells him that it is time. 'Maybe it's the daylight, but I can hear Rachel and the others again!' Betsy remarks, adding that Bei says she can anchor them, and asks 'Star to teleport them to the market. 'What? No. We need to find a way into Mercator!' Mordred exclaims. 'Please, you don't understand – my father and I are at war. This quest is our priority - ' Mordred begins, before Betsy spins around and starts waving a finger in his face, 'You are mistaken!' she snaps. 'Mutant lives are my priority. We have located the Siege Periloud, but Rachel and our fellow knights are nearly overwhelmed. Your personal quest must wait, Prince Mordred' Betsy declares. Rictor and Shattertar look on, surprised, while Mordred does not respond to Captain Britain. Shatterstar then tells everyone to hold hands and make up. 'We're teleporting in!' he adds as he slices a large “X” in the space around them. Back at the Crooked Market, Gambit tosses kinetically-charged playing cards at several ogres who rush towards him and Meggan, who casts elemental energies towars her opponents, while Kylun stands near some of the locals. Bei turns to a large “X” that forms behind her, and informs the others knights that Shatterstar approaches with the others, so they must press the advantage. Rachel is above them, firing her newfound energies at the ogres, too. Furies loom overhead, while Mad Jim is still shackled on the stage. More ogres arrive and close in on the Knights, as Betsy, Rictor, Shatterstar and Mordred drop into the battle. 'Welcome back, B team!' Rachel calls out as she blasts another ogre. 'I hope B is for Betsy Braddock, or you and I are going to fight' Betsy responds. Gambit points out that now Betsy is back they are going to have to split up, because Mad Jim is about to be ripped apart. 'The Furies aren't exactly clandestine, but executions in the public square is quite the escalation' Betsy remarks, before instructing Gambit, Meggan and Kylun to get to Jim. 'Think stealth over explosions – we'll handle the rest!' Betsy suggests, as the three rush towards the stage. Betsy then turns to Rachel and asks her to get up high and take out a Fury or two if she finds one that is out of the way. 'But keep an eye on Gambit and them' Betsy adds. But Rachel puts a hand on Betsy's shoulder and looks into her eyes: 'Uh-huh. I've been worried sick about you' Rachel utters. 'Stay in contact?' Betsy asks. 'Always' Rachel tells her before she takes to the sky, flaming energy blazing behind her. Captain Britain suggests to Rictor, Shatterstar, Bei and Mordred that they try make a wall and gain a little ground back for the townsfolk. 'I can flank the -' Mordred begins, when suddenly, several of the townsfolk surround him. 'Get outta the way!' one of them calls out. 'BOOOOO!' some of them shout. 'Hail, good townsfolk! I am on your side!' Mordred assures them. 'This guy's no knight!' another declares. Rachel observes this from above, and telepathically informs Betsy that the crowd is rushing Mordred, that they are getting distracted by wanting to attack him. 'Hang on...is that? Is that his mutant power? Do people want to fight him?' Rachel wonders. She then tells Mordred to keep it up, as it is keeping the crowd safe. Rachel then turns her attention to the stage, where Meggan and Kylun are keeping an ogre back, as Gambit moves closer to Mad Jim, telling him that are going to get him out. Mad Jim can't speak, he's gagged, but tries to say something, before Rachel telepathically warns Gambit to get his team off the stage and abandon Mad Jim. 'Furies? Meg can mop them up -' Gambit starts to say, but Rachel warns him it is a bigger problem. Gambit looks up to see Merlyn on the back of a winged lion flying towards them. Gambit tells Meggan to get to Jim then get out of here, as he has a plan. Meggan starts to free Mad Jim, while Gambit declares 'I ain't leaving – not when I got a perfect shot!' Gambit leaps into the air, charges a card, while Meggan looks up and calls out to him,, before Gambit reveals that he has a bit of the old Starlight Citadel's magic in his back pocket for Merlyn. The magic begins to swirl around Merlyn, who shouts 'What a surprise – a witchbreed wielding stolen magic with sticky hands. You know nothing of what you hold, Remy LeBeau! Now die!' Merlyn continues to fly on the back of his lion straight towards Gamibt, who leaps forward, 'Old $#%& - I BEEN DEATH!' Gambit shouts as he and Merlyn suddenly collide, and a massive BOOM resonates in the air as pink energy explodes during the collision. 'Gambit!' Betsy cries out, shocked as she and the others look on, wide-eyed. Back in Roma's Floating Kingdom, Shogo cries and turns his dragon face away from the scrying pool, which shows Gambit's blood-stained body on the ground, smoke rising from the death card in Gambit's hand, while a reflection of Meggan, Betsy, Rictor and Shagtterstar, Rachel, Bei and Mordred stares back up through the waters of the scrying pool. 'Yes, my love... what you give away must hurt you deeply...' Roma tells Shogo. '... or else it is not a sacrifice' Saturnyne utters.   