After what they’ve just seen, Carol Danvers orders everyone to cease fire, which they do (some like Rocket Raccoon more reluctantly). Carol turns to Miles Morales, the young Spider-Man, sitting on the ground and tells him they need him to do what’s right here. Moments ago, they all shared a vision of Spider-Man standing on the steps of the Capitol building, holding the beaten form of Captain America, whom he has clearly killed. Iron Man gets between them. Angrily, he shouts at Carol. He told her this was going to happen! She’s turning on children now! Not turning, she replies. Tony interrupts. In the short time Spider-Man has been an Avenger, he hasn’t done one thing wrong. And now she is accusing him of something he has not done and has not shown one sign he could ever do. This isn’t Banner. There is no gray area here! He’s such a good kid. Does she know what he was like his age? Drunk, Carol ventures. She explains she is not turning on Miles. She is not arresting him, she’s asking him to help them make sure that what they all just experienced doesn’t happen. By taking him into custody, Tony insists. For something that did not happen. This is nuts! Nova declares. Luke Cage and Storm admit being shaken by the vision and Spectrum practically asks Tony why he’d let the chance of this actually happen occur. Tony announces Miles should decide what to do. Carol agrees. And if he doesn’t do what she wants? Tony continues. She snaps at him to stop demonizing her for being proactive. While they continue the bickering, Captain America moves past them and kneels down in front of Miles. He asks why Miles pulled his mask up. He couldn’t breathe! Miles gasps. Cap orders him to pull it back down. That mask represents something. It represents who he is. He is Spider-Man! And that means something to people. It means a lot. Hysterically, Miles babbles he would never do what that vision showed. He knows, Cap replies. Miles admits he doesn’t know what to do. What does he want to do? Cap asks. He wants to go home. Cap suggests he do that and offers Miles his hand to help him up. They’ll figure out the rest later. This isn’t his call, Captain Marvel protests. Captain America simply tells her Spider-Man has the right to go home if he wants to. Carol replies they can keep him safer here and make sure that he— Cap cuts her off. Miles didn’t do anything wrong. Just like Bruce didn’t do anything wrong. Just like Rhodey didn’t do anything wrong. Carol doesn’t know what to say. Stark asks Thor to take Miles home. She complies, while Cap gently holds Carol back. She can’t believe him, she states. She wants to take off when a stretched arm traps her. It’s her protégé, Ms. Marvel, who simply repeats that Spider-Man is her friend. He didn’t do anything wrong. Maria Hill angrily announces that every one of them who came there to do battle on government soil, this was by any definition of the word an act of terrorism. They are all under arrest! Pfft, is Iron Man’s reply. And she can quote him on that. Hill warns him she doesn’t count to three. Maybe she should, he threatens. That moment, Black Panther intervenes and warns Hill that, if she fires on them, she will have to go through him. He tells Hill and Carol that he has seen too much and can no longer defend any of this. At the beginning, he could. But he has grown more and more uncomfortable with his part in this. And a long time ago he learned, if you are on Captain America’s side, you can rest easy knowing you are on the right side. And if he after all this would protect the boy’s rights then Black Panther should have done so all along. He warns Carol that, if they attack him, they attack the kingdom of Wakanda. Suddenly, Hill swears as Dr. Strange has taken the chance to teleport the heroes on his side away. Carol turns to Medusa and asks if they can use Lockjaw to— No! Medusa interrupts her and adds a terse goodbye before the Inhumans teleport away. Thor carries Spider-Man away from the battlefield. Some distance away, he asks her to put him down. She wants to stay with and protect him, but Miles assures her he’s ok and wants to be alone. She finally relents and leaves. On a rooftop, Miles kneels down and takes off his mask. He has tears in his eyes and he recalls the vision. He looks at his hands and cries soundlessly. Nighttime in New Attilan:A concerned Medusa and Karnak join Ulysses in his room and ask what is happening to him. At the Triskelion (or what’s left of it), almost everyone is evacuated but the Guardians’ ship is still burning. Rocket angrily tells Carol she owes them a ship. A real ship, not one of those Earth fossil-fuel based— Carol apologizes and promises they’ll figure something out. Then she asks Blue Marvel to get that ship to a safer place before it— Too late as it implodes. Well, they are all crashing with her until she coughs up a new ship, Rocket announces grimly. Star-Lord turns to Carol. When he begins talking, she asks him not to lecture her. He continues and assures her she was right. He got a little taste of this kind of thing when he running his other home planet. If you can stop something bad from happening, you do it. Boohoo if someone gets their feelings hurt. You have to fight for the bigger picture. Carol gives him a grateful smile and Groot hugs both of them. Some distance away, Kitty Pryde is silent and thoughtful. Tony Stark, in the meantime, welcomes his allies in one of Nick Fury’s secret old barbershop bunkers. He adds for the younger ones that a barbershop is a kind of salon and asks if anyone is hurt. Yes, someone replies. Tony points out first aid and asks Dr. Strange if he can use one of his spells to help them recover. However, Strange is exhausted and apologizes for having no more to offer today. He is kidding, right? Tony jokes. He was a rockstar out there, facial hair bro! He still hates him, Stephen mutters. No one likes fighting friends, Tony announces to everyone. But they were all great out there. He addresses the Black Panther. He thinks he speaks for everyone when he says he is kind of in love with him. Well, he has always been, is the wry response. Tony continues they need to find the young Spider-Man and Thor before Danvers does. He addresses Ms. Marvel. She’s Spider-Man’s friend. He needs her to get him for them. Several of the young heroes, Ms. Marvel, Nova, Cyclops, the female Hawkeye stare at him. Kamala then announces she wants to leave. Nova agrees. Where is everyone going? the girl in the lumpy Iron Man armor asks the other youngsters and introduces herself as Riri Williams. She admits she is still working on the name. So she’s with Tony Stark? Kamala asks. She thought they all were, Riri replies. Nova admits she was amazing out there. Riri tells the other youngsters she wants to help them help Spider-Man. She’s digitally amped the bunker. She can get them out. They stealthily look at the adults. Let’s go, Kamala announces, Without saying goodbye? Cyclops protests. They’ll be right back, Kamala replies lamely. What just happened? Captain America asks. Seems like the young guns snuck off, Tony replies. They are scared, the Vision suggests. Tony corrects him. They want to help Spider-Man and hide him from them all. He doesn’t know whether to be annoyed or proud. Tony turns to Captain America. He and the new Spider-Man don’t have any baggage Tony doesn’t know about? Cap assures him he barely knows the boy. Black Panther begins to explain the reason why he joined them. Some of those visions didn’t turn out to be true, Tony finishes his thought, Yes, T’Challa reveals. But many were, he hastens to add. He muses that perhaps as Ulysses’ power grows in strength he loses accuracy. Iron Man guarantees that’s the case. Vision points out there is only one way to find out if this vision will come to pass. He looks at Captain America. He hates to say it but that is exactly what Rhodey would say, Tony adds. But it is Cap’s call. Cap looks away. And Spider-Man’s, Tony muses. Carol Danvers sits in the ruin of the Triskelion, her thoughts wandering to James Rhodes and Bruce Banner, who both died because she acted on Ulysses’ predictions. She buries her face in her hands. A voice tells her she shouldn’t be here. It’s Maria Hill, accompanied by Star-Lord, Storm and teenage Jean Grey. They’re not sure the building is structurally sound anymore, Hill continues. She’s looking out at the city that’s still standing because of some really tough choices she made, Jean announces. She’s more than allowed. Carol asks her not to read her mind and Jean retorts she wasn’t. Carol expresses her disbelief when Hill threatened to arrest Captain America. Hill admits she didn’t know what else to do. Storm hugs Carol and apologizes for her ex-husband T’Challa betraying her like that. She can’t believe Ororo was married to him, Carol fumes. Quill nervously suggests they get out before the building falls. They do and Carol asks Hill if she knows who the new Spider-Man kid is. Maria’s reply is evasive. Jean doesn’t believe this new vision will come to past. But if it will and they do nothing, it’s like they killed Cap themselves, Carol points out. She can’t have that on her conscience too. They need to find him! Hill suggests instead testing Ulysses and his visions but then gets a call. They found Spider-Man… He is standing on the steps of the Capitol… 