A tour helicopter soars over New York City. The pilot informs the bored tourist couple about the Statue of Liberty. Disinterested, they reply that he promised them superheroes. He corrects that he told them they might see some superpeople. He is interrupted by an incoming message. By order of SHIELD, civil and foreign flights in the New York City area are prohibited until further notice. He tells his guests they have to land. They protest and the next moment they see Drax thrown past the ‘copter. At the Triskelion, Captain Marvel, aided by the Ultimates, several X-Men, the Guardians of the Galaxy and Alpha Flight, is facing Iron Man as well as several Avengers, some other X-Men, and more heroes. Stark blames Carol for this, claiming she literally left them no choice. Incensed, she shouts about his ego. Meanwhile in New Attilan, Medusa informs Karnak the humans are at war with another. Colonel Danvers has asked them for help. Karnak suggests they should go. She tells him to gather the Royals. They’ll make an appearance and hope that cooler heads will prevail. Karnak doubts that will happen. The new Inhuman Ulysses has been listening quietly so far. Now he asks what they are fighting over. Instead of replying, Medusa orders him to stay behind. His power will not do any good there. And that is a good thing, Karnak adds. Outside the Triskelion:Captain Marvel angrily fires an energy blast at Iron Man and shouts at him to stay down. Stark replies he knows what she is doing. She is trying to control what cannot be controlled and she is losing her mind trying. Absorbing his blast and returning it, Carol accuses him of projecting. Tony intended this and passes the blast on, taking out Gamora, who was attacking Ms. Marvel. Iron Man gloats that he prepared for the future without upsetting the natural order or getting any Avengers killed. Not far away Dr. Strange cages Storm’s team of X-Men with the Crimson Bands of Cyttorak and expresses surprise at them fighting on Carol’s side. However, Storm’s lightning frees them and, a moment later, he has a face full of ice courtesy of Iceman. Blue Marvel hits Luke Cage, who tells him he is on the wrong side of the street on this on. Blue Marvel points out his academic degrees and suggests this might mean Luke is on the wrong side of this. Not really, Luke replies. Does he know why? A moment later, Nova’s blast hits Blue Marvel. Because he fell for this, Luke points out. However, the blast didn’t faze Blue Marvel, who swats Luke away and then gives chase to Nova. Holding the unconscious Marvel Girl, Maria Hill gives order to all personnel to evacuate the Triskelion While there is a news report about the superhero battle, Matt Murdock is lost in thought, as is Peter Parker coming from the shower. As is Mary Jane Watson. A person not getting the report is Clint Barton, who is somewhere in the wilderness. Back at the Triskelion, the new Captain America (Sam Wilson) faces Magik and announces he doesn’t want to fight her. Okay, is her curt reply. He babbles it’s not a boy-girl thing. Before he can finish his sentence, a teleportation disc appears under him… and a moment later he finds himself in Los Angeles. Well, that’s just great, Sam swears. Magik, in the meantime, gets hit in the head by an arrow courtesy of the female Hawkeye. Rocket is enjoying himself firing his weapon and confronts the young Spider-Man, who is astonished to meet a raccoon that talks as he kicks him. Unfortunately, a moment later, he is attacked by Rocket’s teammate Agent Venom (aka Flash Thompson), who states there is no way he is the Spider-Man he knows. Well, he is a Spider-Man, Miles replies. How dare he wear his uniform and fight for something that flies in the face of his beliefs? Venom demands. Nevertheless, Miles manages to trick him and take him out. Oh great, he gets the one with the shield, Star-Lord mutters as he faces Captain America. Cap replies he doesn’t even know why Quill is here. He was wondering that himself, Iron Man chimes in via comm system. While battling Gamora he directly addresses Quill over his helmet system. When Quill wonders about that, Stark points out he hacked it. What is he doing here? Stark asks. Supporting his friend, Quill refers to Carol, who he thought was Stark’s friend too. She said Tony had gone off the rails and she needed help. And from the looks of this schoolyard-ganging- up-on-her crap Tony just tried to pull, he’d say she was right! He thought they were friends too, Tony replies. Not far away Kitty Pryde phases through the Vision. Okay, Peter admits, but he is better friends with Carol and he doesn’t like what Tony is doing here. And he really doesn’t like that Tony just hacked into his headspace! Literally! What did Carol tell him? Tony asks. Everything! Peter replies. And he’s sorry about Tony’s pal being killed by Thanos. He gets it. He’s been there. Tony interrupts him. Did Carol tell him those future visions are just algo… Quill interrupts in turn. He knows about them and thinks they are great. In the meantime, the Vision retaliates against Kitty, who phases and so his blast goes through her and damages the Guardians’ ship, causing an explosion. A shocked Ulysses watches the conflagration from a distance. That moment, Medusa and her allies teleport in at the Triskelion, much to Iron Man’s chagrin. What is happening? Ulysses wonders as energy tendrils emerge from his fingers and move to engulf the building. While Iron Man tries to blast Karnak, he points out the Inhumans’ double standard, since now they are barging into their business. They were invited, Karnak calmly retorts. Karnak moves closer to Iron Man, becoming dangerous due to his martial arts. Stark quips about the bill for the building they tore down. If only he had been in it, Karnak hisses. Black Panther runs toward them and takes Stark into a headlock. He orders him to call this off. No! comes Captain Marvel’s voice. Mine. She hits Iron Man and orders him to surrender. He tells her to hold on. He is getting weird readings. Ulysses’ energy tendrils touch them all and next they find themselves within a vision. The Capitol is damaged and on its steps stands young Miles Morales aka Spider-Man, his fists bloodied, holding the body of the man he killed – Captain America. Everyone stands still. Miles sinks to his knees just uttering ‘no’. His friend Ms. Marvel runs toward him and assures him this is not going to happen. Miles raises his mask halfway up. How does she know? Carol tells Miles she is sorry, but he is under arrest. 