1st story: May Parker is lying on the bed holding onto her nephew’s, Spider-Man, costume and grieving. She gets up and looks at the mask, then looks out of the window where police are holding back a crowd of reporters and other people.  Gwen Stacy enters, having shorn her long blond hair and now presenting a black bob. She explains that their pictures are in every newspaper on the planet Earth. And she didn’t even want her picture in the yearbook.  May considers changing her look too. She should go pink, Gwen suggests, to which May sarcastically considers shaving her head. She can do whatever she wants, Gwen tells her. It’s not like they will ever be able to leave the house again. They are even going through their trash! She can’t go online. Every website! She keeps praying to baby Jesus that some celebrity superhero releases a sex tape. Wouldn’t that be nice, May agrees.  They wonder what to do, Gwen suggests May go to work. She was fired, May tells her. She didn’t do anything! Gwen protests. She hasn’t been to work in two weeks and she is a threat to security of the blah-blah.  If she could go anywhere, where would she go? May asks. France, Gwen replies. Why not Jamaica? May wonders. Jamaica’s too hot, says the girl who has never left Queens, Gwen jokes. France looks beautiful. She would like to meet a dumb French boy who treats her like a princess and takes her mind off all this…  That would be nice, May agrees and tells her Tony Stark offered to send them anywhere in the world. Then why are they sitting here? Gwen asks exited. May hesitates. She refuses to take a handout. So she’ll take whatever the hell the universe has dumped on her head, but she won’t take any of the good stuff? Gwen demands. Why, she hasn’t earned it? She doesn’t deserve this? Does she deserve this situation? Peter would be furious for her still sitting here! May takes he phone and calls Tony Stark. After echoing some pleasantries May takes him up on his offer and explains she and Gwen would like to move to France. She stresses she doesn’t want this as a gift. He explains that he will send a helicopter that can take them to his private jet which will take them to his villa on the French Riviera. When May still hesitates, Gwen takes up the phone and tells Stark they accept. She thanks him and announces she already doesn’t miss this place.  2nd story: Kitty Pryde leads Bobby Drake and Johnny Storm to her secret hideout. Johnny begins that he is grateful. He needs a place to crash. They cannot be a burden on May and he can’t face his sister right now, but… Bobby interrupts; Kitty could just tell them where they are going! It’s a surprise she tells them. She doesn’t want to jinx it.  Fine, but what is it with her and sewers? Bobby complains. Was she raised by a talking ninja rat? He is not going to live in a sewer. He has standards! She calms them, informing them that they are not going to live in the sewers. When she was here a few weeks ago… Bobby gets it.  How did she find them? he asks. Kurt had the key. It was in his things. Key to what? Johnny asks. Kitty switches on the lights and they find themselves in the underground tunnels that used to belong to the Morlocks. Their new home.  3rd story: The Triskelion, New York City: General Nick Fury tells one of his employees to call ahead, tell them he is coming down. Have a car ready. He’s going into the city and will be out of touch for a bit. There’s something he has to take care of.  The employee remarks he seems out of it. Has something happened? If he ever wanted to know what would happen if America lost its favorite son, he is about to find out, Fury replies. Captain America just quit. Don’t call unless the world’s ending. The sergeant is left alone.  1st story continued: Mary Jane Watson sits in front of her computer, still trying to write her article on how the world killed Spider-Man. She hears a helicopter outside. She looks out of the window to see Gwen and May, who are waving her goodbye.  They are moving to France, a voice from behind explains to MJ. She turns around to see Fury, who explains they are starting a new life. He’s gotta say… that sounds fantastic right about now.   MJ demands to know what he is doing in her room. Is he here to arrest her? Fury assures her he wants to talk and orders her to sit. He sees her article and reads it, then puts it down.  What is he going to do to her? She asks. “I loved him,” Fury admits out of the blue. He met Peter when he was just a baby. His parents were working on a project for them. When his parents died, he wondered if there was any way he would be able to do right by their son. He was so excited when Peter had the accident that gave him powers. Now he could do something. He was grooming him. He was so sure that he would grow up to be the kind of man his father wanted him to be and so much more. He should have taught him more, he berates himself. He should have slowed the world down, so a boy like him could become the man he was supposed to become.  MJ repeats helplessly that she didn’t know Fury knew Peter’s parents, then offers she won’t send out what she wrote. She didn’t know! He understands that she is looking for someone to blame for this, Fury continues. His point is, he admits through his tears, that she blames him and he came there to tell her… she is absolutely right. 