Synch, under the influence of the evil Emplate, arrives at his former home in St Louis and is standing over the cot of his foster sister, Kim Ho Twae, when his parents, Ida and Stan Thomas awaken and go to investigate. They find Synch looking very mad with mouths in his palms, obviously not himself. Stan tells his son to move away from the cot. Everett cant understand why, and when Ida tells him he is scaring them, he freaks out and jumps through the window. The next day, Detective Jensen is trying to figure out why someone would sneak into a babies room, then jump out of a second floor window without taking anything. The detective starts asking about Everett and where he is, when Stan looses his temper and asks the police officers to leave. Jensen tells Stan that maybe this isn’t a very safe place for kids and maybe he should have the foster kids moved to a safer family. Then Emma acts and freezes all the officers in their place. Sean protests, but Emma tells him they deserve it and they are lucky she dosen’t permanantly wipe their minds. Ida takes her two foster kids back to bed, while Stan tells Sean and Emma that he entrusted Everett into their care, and from what he can see - they aren‘t doing a very good job. Banshee tells Stan he assumes full responsibility and promises to get Everett back. Emma dismisses the officers and tells them to never remember a thing. Outside, Jubilee, M and Husk are waiting for their tutors when Husk is complaining that it‘s unfair that Chamber and Skin were left at home. She thinks they shouldn‘t be locked away because they don’t look normal. Jubilee tells her to get real, they’ve come down to St Louis to subtly track Synch - and Angelo and Jono are hardly inconspicuous. As they continue to debate the point, M suddenly takes off and informs the others to follow her. At the school, Skin is surfing the Net, on a chat room. He’s having trouble describing himself to someone, when Chamber calls him, telling him something is wrong. He finds Chamber stumbling down the corridor, telling Skin why can’t he remember ‘his’ face. Wondering who ‘he’ is, Skin asks Chamber what has happened, and Jono tells him that he was teleported away by Gateway, but he cant remember where - and shown the face of Onslaught. Jono cant figure out why the memory of who Onslaught was would be erased - unless he knew who he was in the first place? Back in St Louis, Synch has made his way to the Our Sister of Perpetual Hope School, where he is reliving the day when his dreams were shattered when he realised he was a mutant. His future was stolen from him, he was betrayed, betrayed by his own body. Then Giovanni, a worker at the school stumbles in on Synch and recognises him. Realising he looks ill, he tells him he’ll help him. At the Thomases, Emma is describing to Stan and Ida what has happened to Synch. They begin to worry even more and Sean asks if they know where he might be. Ida tells them the school. He loved the school. At Everett’s old school, Synch attacks Giovanni and despite his resistance, Synch has to feed from Giovanni, he cant control the urges. As he begins to sup, Jubilee, distracts him with her pyrokinetics, while M grabs Giovanni and Husk, who has ‘husked’ into a smooth metallic form, attacks Synch. As Jubilee pleads with him to fight Emplate’s influence, M realises their mistake too late. Synch taps into each of their abilities and and attacks them, telling them someone is going to die - and it won’t be him ! 