Bastion and his aide, Daria, are watching CCTV footage of Generation X's first encounter with Emplate at Logan Airport. He seems most interested in Chamber, and despite Operation: Zero Tolerance's resources, knows nothing about Emplate. He orders Daria to find out as much as she can. In Massachussetts, Sean and Emma are holding a barbecue party for the kids in the Biosphere, a way of letting the kids relax after the previous events regarding Onslaught. Leech, Artie, Jubilee and Synch are playing in the lake and Sean comments on how well the kids are coping. Emma tells him Paige isn't doing so well, and he should go and talk to her, as she probably doesn't trust her right now. Sean finds Paige sitting on her own fretting about how the Onslaught incident will make things even harder for mutants now. As Emma is wishing she could reach out to people as well as Sean does, her salad starts moving and forms into Nightmare. He tells her that she should be quiet because this is between the two of them. She looks confused and he tells her he'll see her later - in her sleep. She falls off her chair and Mondo catches her, asking if she's ok. Emma asks Mondo if he saw the salad attack her, but he says no and Emma goes for a walk, feeling a bit confused. Sean's cellphone rings, and its Skin who tells Sean that he and Chamber are both fine and to not worry before he hangs up. Before Sean can worry about that little mystery, the others discover Penance, sitting in the barbecue and eating all the food. Her skin has become softer and she has scratches all over her face, but as she realises everone is watching her, she bolts and runs back into the undergrowth. Back at Operation: Zero Tolerance HQ, Daria goes to tell Bastion that the infomation he required is ready. He attacks her though telling her never to sneak up on him and that people who work underneath him only ever get one chance. Daria apologizes and leaves the room. At the school, M is levitating on the roof and Emma goes up to see her. M tells her to go away, but Emma stays and tells her that after the Canada/Onslaught incident, she doubts anyone will trust her again. M tells her she sort of knows how she feels - with everyone discovering that Emplate was her brother and all. Emma tells her that she never had a best friend, but by opening up to the kids, she could be very surprised with how much she likes them. M is not sure whether Emma is talking about her or about herself when M notices a bright flash in the Biosphere. Emma tells her not to worry as she was expecting visitors and offers M some ice cream. M accepts. Nearby in Boston, Chevy is talking with his dad over how he took the job at Xavier's, but so far he's only met one person and he left. His dad, covered in shadows, tells him its his only chance to escape jail for murder, so he must go back. In California, Chamber and Skin are hitchhiking and Chamber is feeling a lot better now that Onslaught has been defeated. They get picked up by none other that Howard the Duck. He tells them he's headed for L.A. and they jump aboard. In the Biosphere, Nathaniel Richards, (whom M spotted teleporting in) is having a heated discussion with Banshee over his grandson, Franklin Richards. As Franklin's next of kin, Nathaniel has decided to leave Franklin at Xavier's to best monitor and deal with the boy‘s powers. It is unkown how Onslaught's tampering has affected Franklin and Sean tells him he won't be sorry. Nathaniel tells Sean that if anything happens to Franklin, he will kill him. Franklin instantly bonds with Leech and Artie and they run off into the Biosphere to show Franklin the treehouse. On their way, they encounter Tana Nile, an injured alien lying in the undergrowth. At Operation : Zero Tolerance, Daria has discovered Chamber's true identity through his passport records. Bastion finds that Frost Enterprises paid for his ticket from London and orders Daria to get as much info on Frost Enterprises as possible. 