Hank McCoy, aka The Beast, is holding the Xenobiology Mid Term exam and has to tell Jubilee off for doodling on her paper. He then walks round wondering if he and the other original X-Men were ever this young. He watches Synch and wonders if he knows how powerful he could one day become, notes how eager Paige is and is astounded at how Monet finishes the exam in 4 minutes. She asks if she can leave, but Hank tells her that patience is a virtue. Penance watches from the window and jumps in and sits at a desk and tries to write like the others. In L.A, Howard is having trouble getting served in a bar and he uses Quack-Fu to defeat some rowdy staff when the situation turns nasty. Chamber helps him out and he tells the man he wants to see Tores. The man attacks Chamber and tells him that Tores is a very private person and Chamber unleashes his power to save him and Howard. Watching from above, Skin regrets taking Jono and Howard to Tores' posse. He realises he must get help to save his friends and runs off. As Howard and Jono defeat the last of the crowd, Tores appears asking them what they want. At the school, Hank is watching M with great intrest. She has zoned out again and nothing he says can get through to her. She starts to fold and rip up her midterm. Sean and Emma are in the kitchen discussing Hank's teaching methods. They fail to notice that Leech takes several bottles of milk from the fridge. At a graveyard in L.A, a woman arrives at the cemetary to grive her son, Angelo Espinosa. She sits next to an old man who comforts her and then leaves. Back in the class room, M suddenly snaps back and finds Beast observing her. She apologises and Hank asks her if this is a problem for her. She says no, but the other kids think otherwise. In LA, Tores arrives and leaves something at the grave, cursing Angelo for going and dying. The old man watches her depart and Chamber and Howard watch as Skin takes his old man disguise off and goes to the grave. Chamber asks him if he wouldn't mind telling him whats going on, but Skin says he does mind. After the test is over, Hank shows Sean and Emma Penance's effort and then hands them a miniature house made out of paper. This is what M did when she was 'spaced out'. Hank tells Sean and Emma he thinks that Monet is autistic. 