Stunned by the sight before her, M tries to move but D.O.A. ties her to a chair and makes her listen to her brother Emplate, while the rest of Generation X hang tied up behind him. Emplate gloats to M that he took down all her friends very easily and wouldn’t their father be proud of him.Then Gayle angrily asks Emplate whats going on with him and M being related? She only agreed to help because he was dying without Penance’s marrow and she would have Chamber in return. Emplate apologises, but didn’t realise his sister ‘Monet’ was amoungst Chamber’s group when Emplate first encountered Generation X. But ‘Monet’ did. M replies by telling that she knew from the moment she saw him again. She pleads with him that she and their father did everything they could for Emplate when he began to change and craved the genetic material of other mutants. Emplate laughs at their father‘s efforts. He thinks he is doing rather well for himself - he has supped on some of the students and absorbed their powers. M then tells him that what happened to their mother wasn’t his fault, that none of them blame him, that he shouldn’t torture himself, but Emplate replies by saying how he does blame himself, that is why he left, the guilt and the hunger were too much. Emplate moves toward Chamber to begin to sup on him when Gayle tells him to leave him alone. Chamber is hers, she was promised him. Emplate tells her he is changing the deal. She owes him, it is not often he dines on non-mutants and shares his ability to sup. He throws her from her wheelchair, then D.O.A. informs him that M has managed to escape. Emplate sends his minions after her, but Jubilee awakes and begins to taunt Emplate. M manages to sneak to the communications room and begins to rewire a fire alarm to alert the people who can help them the most. As she is doing it, Bulwark crashes through the wall and knocks her to the floor. Annoyed, Monet slams Bulwark through the other wall and he flies across campus and crashes into the Biosphere. M goes after him, not wanting to hurt him too much, as she knows her brother‘s influence on him will be great. Back on the back lawn, Emplate starts to feed on Banshee, when Jubilee again starts to taunt him, but this time he goes for the bait and is distracted by her. Nearby, Gayle and Chamber have been burried up to their necks in the ground and Gayle is breaking down over Chamber leaving her and their life together. In the Biosphere, the battle between M and Bulwark is still raging, when Bulwark suddenly begins to shrink in size - his muscles all disappearing. Realizing he is beaten, Bulwark runs off but runs into Leech and Artie who knock him out. Thanking Leech and Artie, M puts them both back in their treehouse and tells them to stay there and be safe. As she flies off, she thinks back to how foolish she was when she made that computer mock up of Emplate after thier first battle with him (Generation X #1-2) - she shouldn’t have lied to her teachers and teammates. As she continues to think she begins to choke and falls to the floor, as the mist gains form - Vincente. Vincente informs M that he is going to kill her, when Bishop suddenly appears, telling M that she called, and he came. 