Banshee manages to free himself from Penance by kicking her into the gut, whilst Husk regains consciousness and sheds her skin to reveal a hard rocky form. She attacks Penance ,but Penance slashes her and escapes, leaving Husk wondering what will happen when she reverts to her true form with large pieces of her shoulder and back damaged. An interlude shows Mondo sunbathing on a beach on Samoa when Cordelia Frost races to him asking about how he saved the children form the burning house. Mondo is very laid back about the events and Cordelia tells him he should go to America and be a superhero. Mondo says his place is on the Island. Cordelia reasons that if they are going to be partners, she will have to limit her horizons - or broaden his. Back at the School, Jubilee and Synch run into Penance, but Synch synch’s his aura into Penance’s diamond hard skin and makes his aura act like a force field. Knowing she can‘t harm them, Penance flees. Banshee comes by with Husk who is in shock. He orders the two students to bring her back to the mansion and flies after Penance. Jubileeasks Synch to bring her back alone, as she wants to follow Banshee and Penance. Another interlude shows the Orphan Maker returning to a cottage and apologising to Nanny for failing in his mission, explaining that his armour just fell apart. Nanny tells him he did nothing wrong, it just means he is growing up. Meanwhile, M finds Penance and knocks her unconscious. She complains to Emma for having to ambush Penance, because she can only imagine what it must be like to be a prisoner of Emplate. Emma again tries to psi scan Penance, but this time Emma suffers a major psionic backlash from the experience, but she does learn that Penance’s mind has nothing recognisable on it. Suddenly Penance awakens, and right as M is about to touch her, Penance runs away again because of Banshee’s scream. He explains that he could not allow M to touch her, because apparently every part of the girl is razor sharp. The only option they have would be to keep her running till she tires. Chamber finds Penance in the woods and psionicly reaches her. He tells her they are both monsters trapped in their bodies, but they dont have to be alone. She has a home if she wants one. Penance yields and Chamber gains her trust. Jubilee observed the whole scene and is impressed, that Jono got through to the tormented girl.. A few days later, Skin pays a visit to the convalescing Husk and the two continue to bond. She managed to revert to her human form without too much damage. 