Banshee is having a nightmare set in his past around the time he had resigned from Interpol because nobody believed him about the mutant serial killer stalking Europe. In the dream he is holding on to a woman on the battlements of a Cassidy Keep, but he loses his grip and she falls to her death. The serial killer, a Russian mutant, appears behind him taunting him telling him to try and kill him again, and Sean shoots the Russian. Then, Emma appears in Sean’s dream telling him to wake up, as he is dragging her into his dreams, due to her telepathy and their close proximity, as Sean gave up his bed to Emma because she gave up her quarters to the girls whose dormatry was destroyed. Sean awakens and goes to Emma to tell her to stop going in to his dreams, but she is just as angry as he is, because she has no control over it. The two apologise, and Emma asks if he wants to talk about the dream, but he declines and she returns to bed leaving Sean fully awake after seeing Emma half naked. Chamber is brooding around the grounds, fretting over what happened in the girls dormatry when Husk tried to kiss him. If she hadnt have husked at the last minute, he would have killed her. He thinks back to the first time his mutant powers manifested themselves and feels even more sorry for himself. Then Husk approaches him and apologises for her actions and thanks him for taking the heat over the accident and not telling the others how it happened. Jono gets even more upset because he thinks Paige would be too embarrassed if the others thought she had come on to an ugly freak like him. Jubilee is spying on Husk and Chamber and can’t believe they are having a ‘thing’, when M tells her it is rude to snoop on other peoples business. Jubilee then wants to know what M is reading and pulls at her book until it rips in two. Jubilee is shocked to see it is infantile drawings and M snatches them back defensively and flies off out of the window. Meanwhile, Skin is sneaking into the Biosphere to help Synch finish off the treehouse they are building for Leech and Artie, with Penance’s help. Synch is happy to help the young mutants, while Skin pretends he is put out by it, but is secretly enjoying giving them something he never had as a kid. In an Interlude in County Mayo, Ireland, Mrs O’Brian rushes to the local pub, grabs the phone and demands she be connected with Sean Cassidy - as a matter of urgency. Back at Xavier’s, M confronts Gateway asking how much longer she has to stay at the school, and why he can’t be her mentor like before. Gateway psionicaly calms her and the two meditate over the lake. Watching from the shore, Banshee wonders what he’s gotten himself into with M, when Emma comes out and apologises for being rude to him earlier. Emma tells Sean about kicking Leech unconscious during the fight with Gene Nation, and begins to feel remorse for some of her life’s actions when Jubilee interrupts them by telling Sean he has a phone call. Taking the call, Sean recognises Mrs O’Brian’s voice, but is shocked when she tells him he must return to Ireland - as Cassidy Keep has vanished off the face of the Earth! 