Krakoa:Armor and Glob Herman are gathering fruits and enthusing about how great Krakoa is. Hisako confides that, when she first discovered she was a mutant, she thought her life would be hiding. At the mansion, they had each other, but they were still hiding together. If only she’d known… A little later, they have joined one of Krakoa’s celebrations. Look how happy everyone is, she tells Herman, but she also notes not everyone is here. She wonders if they can find who’s missing and bring them here. She turns to Glob to find he is gone and is now dancing up a storm with Pixie. Hisako smiles. A little later, she visits Sage in her office and goes through some notes. Sage reminds her that Xavier sent an invitation to all mutants, so they already know. Hisako agrees but suggests they cross-reference. Maybe some people need help to get there... Sage retorts maybe they are settling their affairs first, but it’s not like she has anything better to do, so keep going. Hisako goes thought the B’s: Bishop and Alison Blaire are accounted for, but then she finds Barnell Bohusk aka Beak. Sage admits he is still out there. As are his partner Angel Salvadore and their kids. Are those enough for her to start with, so she can get back to her work? Hisako thanks her and promises to be back once she knows where Beak and Angel are. Don’t rush, Sage mutters. Armor tells Glob that, according to school records, they are living on a farm in Nebraska with Beak’s parents. They moved there from the Netherlands after Angel and Beak had their kids. Glob asks whether she thinks he would have a shot with Pixie. She suggests he just ask her. Embarrassed, he wants to leave and tells her to forget he said anything. Hisako finds something in the files and tells him she thinks she knows why Angel and Beak didn’t come. Soon she enters the New Mutants’ home, the Sextant, looking for Sunspot but finds nobody except for Boom-Boom in Sunspot’s room. Boom-Boom makes up a lame excuse for being there and is clearly hurt that the other New Mutants went to space without inviting her. She asks Armor if she has something exciting for her. Armor makes excuses. There’s something she hoped Sunspot could get for her. Boom-Boom promises to help and asks her to write it down for her. In the kitchen Armor does so. Boom-Boom is not enthused when she tells her they are going to Nebraska, but at least she’s invited. She promises to find out about that medicine and asks her not to tell Sunspot she was in his room. Two days later:Armor and Glob make their way to a Krakoan gate. Manon and Maxime run after them, asking if they can come. Armor tells them what they are doing and fears they would be bored. The twins argue they can help by mentally manipulating their friends, in case they don’t want to come. Armor is not happy about the offer. She tells them they can come, but must refrain from manipulating anyone. Soon they are in Pilger, Nebraska. In front of them is a small farmhouse surrounded by cornfields. Glob nervously wonders if they should have told someone where they are going. Armor doesn’t see the problem. Beak and Angel are their friends. If they’d told the others, who knows who they’d have sent. They don’t need Wolverine on their doorstep freaking everyone out. Beak opens the door and is surprised but happy to see them. He asks them in and he and Angel welcome their friends. Armor assures them they miss them and wanted to make sure they know there are people on Krakoa thinking of them. They also greet the kids and introduce Maxime and Manon. Angel tells the kids to play outside for a bit. Beak explains they wanted to come but— Armor interrupts, they know. Can she see him? They go to see Beak’s father, who is lying on a hospital bed on a ventilator and hooked up to monitors. Beak describes how it started with his dad forgetting small things. They got worse. Eventually, his body forgot to breathe. It’s called Taylor Ellis Disease and that’s why he can’t leave. His family needs him here. Armor sets up an infusion and explains that this island has given them many wonderful things… including cures to previously incurable diseases. Suddenly, Mr. Bohusk’s eyes begin to glow green and he gasps as he starts breathing without assistance. Still exhausted, he recognizes his wife and son and weakly asks who the strangers are. Armor tells the family they will be waiting downstairs. Later in the kitchen, Beak thanks them profusely. He’d heard about the newly developed medicines but didn’t think there would be a cure for such a rare disease. Armor stresses they are family. They help each other. She adds his father will still need therapy to relearn basic skills but he should be back to normal in a few months. Once he’s back on his feet, Beak, Angel and the kids could come to Krakoa, see what they are missing. Beak interrupts her spiel, asking if she brought others with her as he looks out of the window. Armor joins him, replying it was just the four of them. They look outside and see several dangerous looking armed men who have captured the kids. Their leader calls them freaks and tells them to come out for a chat. Angel attacks Armor accusing her of bringing those men here. Confused, Armor assures her she has never seen them before. She promises the crying Angel they’ll deal with this. Beak hugs her and suggests it is just a misunderstanding. They should talk with those men. They walk outside. Armor takes charge and asks what they want. The leader asks if she is in charge. He wants to make sure he is speaking to the one who can give him what he needs. Her kind have refused his people access to important medicines. That’s something he wants to change. Armor armors up and threatens him should he hurt the kids. Unimpressed, the man looks to one of his men and calls him name. The subordinate aims a huge gun at them and fires. Armor tries to shield the others and is thrown backward by the missile. Her powers flare out. The man informs her the missile dampens powers for a few hours. They did not come unprepared. If she tries anything again, the children will die. He orders them inside. They have important negotiations to begin. Maxime mutters, this is why they always send Wolverine first… 