An abandoned railyard in Russia:Old Man Logan looms menacingly over Anatoly Rasputin. Last warning, he tells him. Tell him where Illyana is or he gets three extra nostrils. When Colossus asks him not to, Logan demands one good reason, then amends it to two. He is his uncle, Piotr states. What’s the second one? Logan demands. Because she said so, Kitty Pryde replies. “Uncle Bratva” set them up, Logan reminds them. So they’d bring Illyana here. Anatoly admits it, but claims he had no choice. The rest of the team gather as Anatoly explains that Komolov, his Pakhan, was able to raise Omega Red from the dead, but only for a short time. He needs Illyana to make the resurrection permanent. He believes Omega Red will be beholden to him. That with his strength, he can seize control over all of Russia. He can take them there. They just have to trust him… Kitty tells Piotr it’s his call. One hour later at the Church of St. Mitrophan:Anatoly brings in a tied-up Piotr, assuring the guard he no longer has his mutant powers. One of the guards, Sergej, asks what about the other X-Men. They left Anatoly with them at the railyard. Sharply, Anatoly asks if Sergej is accusing him of something. Sergej quickly shakes his head. Anatoly announces he wants to see Viktor and leads Piotr inside. The other X-Men are secretly watching, with Nightcrawler already hiding inside the church. On the roof, Logan asks Kitty why they don’t just attack. They are just a bunch of Russian mobsters. Kitty reminds him they have magic. Plus, they don’t know where they are hiding Illyana or the threat level pf Omega Red. Looking up, Logan announces they kinda do, moments before Omega Red attacks. Downstairs, Anatoly explains to Komolov that Piotr surrendered himself for his sister. Then it appears intelligence does not run in his family, is the reply. He does not haggle like some street merchant, he informs Piotr. As for his sister, Omega Red weakened her. He was able to force her to do his bidding. And now Omega Red is not only alive but more powerful than ever! A fact the X-Men (Kitty, Logan, Storm and Prestige) are currently learning the hard way. Piotr insist he wants to see his sister. Komolov replies she is in the catacombs but he has already seen her for the last time. He orders Anatoly to kill him. Anatoly raises his gun. He apologizes to Piotr, but he should not have trusted him. He fires but finds the gun empty. Don’t worry, Dyadya, Piotr smirks. He didn’t. Flashback to right after Illyana was abducted:It’s his call, Kitty told Piotr while Rachel established a mindlink amongst the X-Men and telepathically informed them Anatoly was lying. Kitty suggested they use that to gain a tactical advantage and find out Illyana’s position. Present:Piotr takes Anatoly out with a blow then turns to Komolov, who begins to cast a spell. That moment, Nightcrawler teleports in. Nyet! Piotr tells him. This ubludok is his! He hits him and takes him out. He asks about the catacombs. Nightcawler agrees; Kitty’s plan worked. They usually do, Colossus finds. On the rooftop, Kitty grimly wonders why none of her plans ever work. She orders Prestige to shut this “jerkwad” down. Rachel enters his mind but, on the astral plane, Omega Red confronts her and takes her out with one of his tentacles. She thinks she has grown more powerful. But so has he! he boasts as in the real world one of his tentacles pierces Logan’s shoulder. Kitty somersaults and grabs one of the goons’ automatics. Firing at Omega Red, she quips she doesn’t speak Russian, but how do you say “Choke on this?” “Udar’te na eto!” Omega Red deadpans without hesitation as he grabs away her weapon and pierces her shoulder. In the catacombs, Piotr and Kurt finally find a weakened Illyana chained to the wall. Piotr tells her to gather her strength as Kurt works on the locks. Really wishes she could, she retorts. Behind them, the magically powered Komolov has shown up. She manifests her Soulsword and strikes. Now where can she find Omega Red? she demands. Outside, Omega Red is hovering over Logan. He reminds him that Logan he killed him. A real Russian would return the favor. He ain’t a proper Russian, Logan retorts, and he ain’t Wolverine anymore, but that doesn’t mean he can’t still kick his ass. He lets loose with his claws but Rossovitch easily traps him, mocking he is old. In the catacombs, Komolov is gaining the upper hand with Magik, who is weakened by Omega Red. Nightcrawler teleports in behind him and hits him but is magically swatted away. Was he supposed to feel something? Komolov asks. Piotr steps in his way. “Ya Sobirayus ubit tebya,”Colossus addresses him. He thinks not, Komolov replies and attacks both him and Illyana with his magic. His uncle told him what happened to him, he reveals. Nanites burrowed into his skin and now that skin can no longer turn to steel. Pity, he would have liked to see if he was stronger than his magic. It is all a question of will, is it not? Da, Piotr agrees and turn to his steel form. It is. Now he is going to try very hard not to kill him. He hits Komolov and kicks his ass. Outside, Logan gets his second wind and does the same to Omega Red. Sometime later, Piotr visits Anatoly in Lefortovo prison:He informs him it’s over. SICKLE, their version of SHIELD, has taken Omega Red and Komolov into custody. Anatoly mocks Piotr’s use of pronouns. Does he even remember being Russian? Piotr refuses to be goaded. He reminds Anatoly that he shot his own nephew after betraying his niece. Piotr came back here to find his family. Now he is going to his father’s grave, lay a rose on it and thank him for hiding them from Anatoly. Outside, Kitty is waiting for him and asks if he is all right. Just sad, he admits and asks how everyone is. Fine except for headaches and bruises, it turns out. Illyana is a little miffed that she needed saving. She said he found a way to turn his power on to save her. Piotr is embarrassed at recalling he couldn’t access them in Washington to save Kitty. She didn’t need saving, she corrects him and kisses him. She explains in Washington she said she needed time. She took it. He is looking forward to going home now. She thought he already was, she points out. Home is where she is, he replies. 