Flashback:Months ago in the home of Lydia Nance:After identifying her as the mastermind behind the new Brotherhood of Evil Mutants, Kitty Pryde as leader of the X-Men warned her that eventually she would be revealed for the bigot she is. Present:A TV studio:The show Crosstime:Studio guests are Kitty Pryde and Lydia, Nance who announces she is not a bigot and resents any implications to the contrary. Kitty calmly retorts that, when you single out a specific portion of the population for special treatment, that’s bigotry. Nance suggests she tell that to the Congressmen and – women who voted in favor of the mutant deportation bill. She’d love to, Kitty retorts, but the show is over. Nance assure Kitty it was a genuine pleasure to see her again, while making fun of her name. Not rising to the provocation, Kitty asks if she can ask her a question. There’s something she’s always been curious about and she figures Nance is the person to ask. She gets up in the morning, gets dressed, does her job, is trying to figure out what is going on with her and that guy she has a history with. Occasionally, she helps save the world. She lives her life. And she does it all without the need to demonize another group of people. She just doesn’t care that people are different, because, well, people are different. So she’s genuinely curious, what’s so broken in people like Nance that they have to target anyone who’s different? Lydia Nance seems lost in thought and does not reply. Later, Kitty walks the streets of Manhattan with Piotr Rasputin, She admits she wanted to kill her. But she didn’t, he points out. She hasn’t completely ruled out the possibility. He assures her she was quite articulate. And this guy she mentioned, the one she said she liked… Kitty is flabbergasted and explains she was still wearing her microphone. She hates her life sometimes, Kitty groans. Piotr apologizes and unexpectedly she draws him down for a kiss. He points out that, for someone who says she is confused about, she seems to kiss him a lot. That’s why he is confused. She suggests they figure it out and then hands him the room key to a hotel room of the building she has led them to. Central Park, outside the Xavier Institute:This ain’t bad, Old Man Logan comments to his teammates Storm, Nightcrawler and Prestige. He refers to a pro-mutant right protest march outside the Institute. They discuss if one of them ought to go talk with the protesters. Nightcrawler suggests Kitty ought to see this. Storm reveals she is not sure if Kitty made it back to the mansion after the show last night. That moment, a portal opens in the sky. It’s Kologth’s people, scanning for the place of his last transmission. Unnecessarily, Anole comes running to alert them to a call from NASA that there is extraterrestrial activity. Anole points out they don’t know if they are hostile. Yeah, because they almost never are, Logan snarks. Storm tells him to get Peter and Rachel to contact Kitty who is still sleeping in the hotel room. She debriefs Kitty and tells her she will send Kurt to get her. They are still trying to find Peter. Kitty informs her he is with her. Storm and Logan, in the meantime, try to disperse the panicking protesters. Anole informs the others there is a squad of fliers responding. The ship takes out the fliers and hails Kologoth, while they start returning fire. Nightcrawler teleports in Kitty and Colossus, and Storm informs them the space invaders just wiped out the Alpha Flight leftovers. Kitty orders Storm and Rachel to get their attention. They fly upwards and hear their alien language. They figure they are trying to contact someone. Said someone, Kologoth, had been hiding in Central Park. Satisfied, he realizes his patience has been rewarded. Nightcrawler teleports the rest of the team to the top of one of the ships, where Logan makes short work of their blasters. Kitty phases inside the ship and Nightcrawler teleports after her. They soon face a troop of armed aliens. In the meantime, the aliens have made visual contact with Kologoth and bring the ship down fast, shaking Colossus and Logan off. Rachel dives after Logan but is hit by a blast from another ship. She falls and lands hard. The ship lowers itself, destroying part of the Institute. Augor exits the ship and warmly welcomes his leader and lover Kologoth back. He insists they leave. The portal cannot be sustained long. Kologoth is happy to leave. He has been a prisoner on this mudball too long. He isn’t yet aware that they have made two prisoners themselves – Kitty and Kurt. He gives the order to take the ships home. There are many that need to suffer… Back on Earth, Armor awakes Logan and nearly gets her head cut off for the effort. He apologizes. Armor tells him that Storm and Colossus are okay but they don’t know about Miss Grey. They fear that Kitty and Kurt are still on the ship and the ship is gone! What are they going to do? she asks. They’re gonna #+*%$§’ get them back! he snarls. 