Deadpool enters an office building and walks up to the receptionist, who is sitting at her desk reading a gossip magazine. He asks if this is the Black Ops Magazine, to which the receptionist replies “No, It’s Cat Fancy.” Deadpool asks to speak to the editor about an advert placed in the magazine, which makes the receptionist mistake him for someone who phoned about putting a kidnapping note in the magazine. When Deadpool says it wasn’t him, the receptionist suspiciously asks him if he is a process server or disgruntled former employee. When he says no again, she points him to the back room.  In the back room Deadpool finds the editor sitting at a computer screen playing a war game called “Hitler’s Minions.” Deadpool asks about the advert in the magazine, which distracts the editor enough for him to die and lose his game. After Deadpool pushes on and mentions the name Conrad, the editor takes out a gun and says he doesn’t give out names. Deadpool quickly takes out him sword and slices the gun in two and then threatens the editor, but he just laughs and says he has been tortured a number of times, including bamboo splints stuck up his nails by the Vietcong, being garroted by the French foreign legion and a self-inflicted six-thousand volts applied to his gonads. He isn’t going to talk.  Deadpool next changes tactics and starts to bargain with the man. He notices he is stuck on his computer game and says he knows how to get past the level. The editor scoffs at him but Deadpool assures him he can do it. Minutes later, Deadpool is playing the game with the editor looking over his shoulder in awe. On seeing this, the editor has a change of heart about the information Deadpool wanted.  (Soon)  Deadpool and Daredevil are standing on a rooftop with journalist Ben Urich. Deadpool hands Ben an envelope and says that the man he is looking for paid in cash and that there was only this envelope. Daredevil uses his powers to deduce what type of paper the envelope is made from and the fact there is an embossed crest on it. Ben confirms there is a crest and that it is of the O’Shea family. (The combination of envelopes & crests causes Deadpool to ask if this is Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.)  Ignoring this, Urich goes on to say the O’Sheas are powerful and that there hasn’t been a New York mayor elected in 30 years without their endorsement. Daredevil confirms he is aware of Mr. O’Shea but says he is too old to be the man they are looking for. Deadpool asks if he has any kids which Daredevil says he does. “Dun-dun-dun-daaaa!” Deadpool declares.  Henry Russo is in his surveillance van, watching a monitor on which he sees Daredevil and Deadpool literally swinging into action. He tells the Punisher, who is driving the van, that a traffic camera just picked them up and they are headed somewhere fast. The Punisher asks if Henry has any more toys in the back of the van, to which Henry replies he has something he might like.  Deadpool and Daredevil arrive at an abandoned fire station that Daredevil knows about. He asks Deadpool to lay low tonight, to which he replies with a jokey comment that he always does karaoke on Tuesdays and he does Neil Diamond’s “America” like no-one’s business. Daredevil asks the mercenary if he is ever serious and Deadpool replies that he uses humor to deflect his insecurities. When he then asks why Daredevil is helping him out, the hero replies that Deadpool is innocent and that the guilty party is out there still. Wade asks how he knows he is innocent, to which Daredevil listens to Deadpool’s heartbeat and cryptically says he can just read people.  Deadpool thanks Daredevil for the support but says he doesn’t intend to sit out the action.  Just then, a high-pitched sound fills the building, which causes Daredevil to clutch his head and fall to the ground. The Punisher then emerges through the window with the Grim Reaper’s hand-mounted scythe. Deadpool says isn’t affected by the noise, as he listens to Metallica. The Punisher, using the scythe, then blasts Deadpool through the window onto the top of the surveillance van below. Henry yells over the radio to the Punisher not to shoot at Deadpool, as he is still in the van. Instead, the Punisher jumps down to the van and narrowly misses Deadpool, who jumps away at the last second. As the two start fighting, Deadpool begins with his usual banter, imaging to himself that the Punisher is dressed and armed as a Samurai warriors. Still, since the Punisher stays silent and continues to try and take down his mark without responding, Deadpool soon gets bored of messing around, just as the Punisher takes a swipe with the hand-scythe. The scythe becomes stuck in the side of the surveillance van and Deadpool takes starts to approach the Punisher with his own sword.  However, before he can act, Daredevil appears and shouts at him to sheath the sword. The Punisher asks Daredevil why he has come to the aid of a murderer, to which Deadpool answers that, firstly, he only kills for money and, secondly, look who’s talking. Before he can go on, Daredevil interrupts and tells the Punisher that Deadpool is innocent. Over the radio, Henry is listening in and suddenly alerts the Punisher to incoming “Five-Oh.” He then drives the van away, with the Punisher still attached via the scythe.  As the van drives off, Deadpool suddenly announces the name of the Reaper! The Grim Reaper! When Daredevil questions, Deadpool remarks that the weapon the Punisher was rocking belonged to the Grim Reader. Conan was tooling on it one night and he distinctly remembers ‘cause Carmen Electra was on and she sat on… Interrupting, Daredevil suggests they leave and swings off.  (O’Shea Penthouse)  An excited Mr. O’Shea races into the bedroom saying the little blue pill kicked in and they have lift-off. However, instead of finding Gloria waiting for him, he is met by Daredevil and Deadpool, the latter of whom laments that Punxsutawney Phil has seen his shadow, meaning it’s going to be an early winter. Entering the room at this point, Gloria seems a little put out by the other two costumed men, remarking that he didn’t tell her they were going to do this again.  Closing his robe, Mr. O’Shea tells Gloria to go downstairs. As he closes the door, he turns to the two costumed men and asks what did the little brat do now? At the end of his grandiose explanation of events, Deadpool threatens to disembowel Conrad once he finds him. Daredevil promptly denies this and tells Mr. O’Shea that they just want to find him and figure out what role his son had in all this. Mr. O’Shea assures the two that, if his son is guilty, he will pay with the full force of the law. But, if they are wrong, they will be the ones who pay. He tells the two that if they want to find Conrad than they need to find a big, black albino in Harlem. Deadpool interjects saying that there must be hundreds of them in Harlem, but Daredevil immediately knows that it’s Tombstone they need to look for.  Afterwards, as they stand on the roof of the penthouse, Daredevil suggests that they reconnect in a couple of hours, as he has some things he needs to take care of. Daredevil agrees, as he has plenty of things to do himself.  The next morning, Tombstone is dressed in a smart shirt and trousers and is playing golf when once of his men comes up to him and interrupts his swing. The man tells Tombstone that Daredevil and Deadpool have been spotted coming from Mr. O’Shea’s penthouse. As the man starts to walk away, he passes Conrad, who is looking disheveled and serving as Tombstone’s caddy. As the man tells him that Deadpool is getting close, Conrad replies that there will finally be an end to the nightmare. Tombstone overhears and puts his arm around Conrad, whilst mocking him and saying that he has an ace up his sleeve. The two look down to the bunker in which Tombstone was swinging and view a bunch of men buried up to their head in the sand. Each head is covered in blood where Tombstone has been using them as golf tees. He pushes Conrad to the ground amongst the dead men and tells him to pick up his clubs.  Elsewhere, Daredevil is standing on a warehouse rooftop, looking at two men work on a car. He jumps down to the roof of the car and says he is looking for Tombstone, to which one snarkily replies that, if he finds him, to relay the message that Ty from Boogie Down says “what’s up.” When Daredevil presses, the two men start to approach in a threatening manner. He quickly kicks one man unconscious and hits the other in the throat. He then lifts the conscious man off the floor using his shirt and demands he tell him where Tombstone is.  (Meanwhile)  Deadpool knocks on an apartment door and it is soon answered by Outlaw, who is surprised that Deadpool is alive. Calling her Crazy Inez, he begins to remark on her concern. However, before he can finish the sentence, she punches him in the face with a blow Deadpool imagines to be a brawny, male boxer, emphatically reminding him that she told him not to call her that!  A little later, Outlaw continues, berating him not just for destroying her last apartment but for also destroying her couch, which she loved. Asked how he found her, he tells her y her landlord, to which she corrects “ex-landlord.” He then goes on to say that, although she lost a couch, he got the worse deal by having his arms cut off. He then promises to pay her back for everything she lost.  Changing subjects, she asks who is doing this to him and he tells her some lowlife bookie named Tombstone. Outlaw promptly declares it a cool name, to which Deadpool excitedly agrees. He walks to the window and it still talking about Tombstone when he suddenly stops mid-sentence. Spotting a man in the opposite building looking at him through a pair of binoculars, Deadpool asks Outlaw if she put a deposit down for the room. When she says “yes,” he replies, “add this to my tab” as he blows the window out with a gun. He then fires a grappling wire across to the other building and slides down it to the opposite window. Unfortunately, the window is made is plexi-glass and he slams into it.  The man who was watching them runs up to his rooftop whilst calling someone on his phone to help him. Unfortunately, he suddenly finds himself running into Deadpool and, dropping the phone, jumps on a motorized lift on the side of the building to escape. However, Deadpool also jumps on it and then cuts the wire holding it up. As the lift falls to the ground, the two men scream, Deadpool with excitement and the other man with terror.  As it hits the ground, however, Deadpool grabs the man and they fall to the floor unharmed. Deadpool grabs the man by the throat and demands to know where Tombstone is. The man is too scared to talk but Deadpool keeps threatening him. Just then, Spider-Man crawls down a wall towards them, mistaking Deadpool for a costumed criminal. HE loves all of the pockets, Spidey quips, he’s like a walking fanny pack. Telling the man Deadpool was threatening to scram, Spidey ties Deadpool up with webbing. Deadpool says he is innocent but Spider-Man doesn’t believe him. Just as he is telling Spider-Man to ask Daredevil, his head explodes in a shower of blood and chunks. From a rooftop, the Punisher relaxes his crossbow gun and says “Gotcha.” 