The Exiles have arrived in the next reality. Namor, Prince of Atlantis, has declared war on the surface of Earth. His first stop is Latveria, where Dr. Doom reigns. The Exiles' job is to help Doom, and stop Namor from gaining a foothold on the surface. The team objects to helping Doom. Sunfire wonders if this world‘s Dr. Doom might be good, but Morph, Sasquatch and Nocturne strongly disagree. Morph is especially against it. Yet, Blink puts her foot down as Namor's troops have captured nearly twenty thousand Latverian troops in a force field in the South of the country. They have also taken over Doom's castle in the middle of the capital. In the castle they are currently working on a technology that will allow the Atlanteans to breathe on the surface, but impossible for humans to do so. Knowing that they have to deal with both threats, Blink and Mimic decide that he should go to free the castle since he is powerful enough to handle this fight alone, while the other five Exiles free the troops in the force field. Clarice and Calvin share a last kiss before he departs. On the way to Doom’s castle, Mimic thinks how much he misses his home. (flashback to Mimic’s native reality) Mutants and superheroes are not prosecuted, but instead are treaty as celebrities or royalty. Calvin's father was a brilliant scientist but all his ideas were stolen off him and he became twisted and bitter. Thanks to this Mimic grew up with the wrong crowd. He had a career as a petty thief and although he was a mutant, he had no way of knowing it. Unlike most other mutant powers, his talent to copy the abilities of others never made themselves known. Until one day he had a chance encounter with the original X-Men in civilian clothes. He followed them for several hours and in that time his mutant powers activated and copied all of their powers. He realized he was a mutant, joined the Brotherhood, and came into conflict with the X-Men. Though he had all of their powers, the X-Men easily defeated the Mimic due to their training and teamwork. The Brotherhood deserted Calvin, and he was imprisoned at Fort Terahawk. While in jail, he was visited by Charles Xavier, and he asked Calvin what he wanted. He replies that he wants money. Xavier however was asking the grander question, what does Calvin want in life, and Mimic found no answer. After a brief talk Mimic agreed to join the X-Men simply because it was better than being in jail. At first, Calvin was a loner, but soon began to be looked up on. Instead of being irked by someone having the same abilities as themselves, the original five X-Men helped Mimic train in the use of his powers. Calvin soon became a good compatriot to each of the X-men as he was somebody to share their uniqueness with. In time he became team leader instead of Cyclops, and continued serving after some of the old guard departed and new X-Men joined. Mimic misses this reality, where he, Beast and Logan are best friends and drinking buddies. He also owns a small chain of record stores, wrote his own book and together with the Angel he even runs a charity. (present) As he approaches Doom's castle, Mimic thinks that he might not really love Clarice, but instead she is just something safe in the crazy situation he's in. Mimic uses the advice that Doom gave him and makes his way into the castle. He runs into two doombots that have been reprogrammed by the Atlanteans, but using Colossus‘ strength and Wolverine's claws, he easily takes them out. He continues into the castle, where he stumbles on a room filled with doombots. Mimic hopes that these have not yet been reprogrammed by the Atlanteans, but when they go into battle mood, he knows that he has to fight his way through them. 