The Exiles and Weapon X are standing amid the ruins of some buildings. The Tallus has told Blink and Sabretooth that David Richards, whom the teams have just freed from the Sentinels, must be killed to prevent him becoming an evil warlord who will enslave humanity. Some of the children get into a fight and Sabretooth tells them to stop. Mimic senses that Blink is depressed and asks her what's wrong. Against Sabretooth's wishes she tells him that the Tallus has ordered the teams to kill David Richards. Using his advanced hearing the Vision learns of the Tallus‘ order and informs Deadpool that their mission is incomplete. Deadpool asks Creed if Vision is being truthful. Creed attempts to play down the situation but the rest of the teams begin to voice their opinions. Morph and Sunfire refuse to kill him saying it is wrong. Both Hulk and Spider say they have no problem killing the boy as otherwise it would mean the failure of the teams‘ mission which would lead to them returning to their wronged realities. Deadpool becomes even more angered and pulls his gun on David. Nocturne runs to stop him but is knocked down by Sabretooth. Creed tells Blink that " this isn't some damn rabbit hunt from home". He also tells her that it isn't a rabbit hunt for him, her, the Exiles and for the children. Deadpool asks what that means when Sabretooth grabs him and breaks his neck. Weapon X are shock at the turn of events and the Spider yells to attack them. Creed tells Blink to do it “now“ and taking the children, her own team and Sabretooth with her Blink begins a large number of multiple teleports all over the globe including over a forest, a burning building, a cloudy sky and into a desert where they stop so Blink can rest. Calvin asks what a “rabbit hunt“ is and Blink informs him that it is a code that the X-Men of the Age of Apocalypse  used if they needed to evacuate everyone. Sasquatch notices that they have company. The Timebroker has arrived. Nocturne says that he cannot expect them to kill a small child. He is happy to hear this as that was never their mission. They were put on this Earth with Weapon X to complete different aspects of the mission so they could restore the timeline. He goes on to explain that the members of Weapon X have the aggression needed to complete different missions than the Exiles. Blink does not believe that Sabretooth truly belongs with Weapon X. The Timebroker disagrees telling her that he is not as inclined to harm as most of his teammates, but he is tough like the rest of Weapon X. As an example he brings up how he treated Deadpool. The Timebroker tells them if the do not complete the mission they will be trapped on this Earth along with Weapon X. Eventually they will all be returned to their different realities. Mimic wishes there was some other way but the Timebroker informs him that he does not know of any other because he is a construct of their collected consciousness. Therefore he doesn't think. Nocturne asks if he can help them at all. He leaves the group by telling them that Weapon X will be arriving in a few minutes. Morph turns his eyes into binoculars to see them approach. He tells the team of Deadpool's replacement on the team: a really big Iron Man. Creed orders Blink to teleport the children to a safe location while the rest of the team take on Weapon X. Mimic uses his Northstar speed combined with Colossus strength and metallic skin to tackle the Hulk while Sunfire takes on Storm. Nocturne goes easy on the Spider as she doesn’t want to hurt him, however she gets knocked out as he doesn’t have such scruples. When Mimic is struck down Sasquatch takes over and attacks Hulk, stating that she wanted top do this ever since Weapon X told them they crippled Doctor Strange. Morph fights Vision as a giant octopus, and he demonstrates to be immune to the Vision trying to reach into his body, as he can morph around the Vision’s fist. Sabretooth fights Spider and it turns out that the Spider has been wanting to get rid of Creed for quite some time. The fight goes on and members of both teams get knocked out. The Exiles are about to be defeated by Vision when he is suddenly destroyed by a large group of approaching Sentinels. Following their directives of capturing all mutants an superbeings, the robots attack. Blink performs another “rabbit hunt“ and teleports the teams several hundred miles away to get out of the Sentinels‘ sensor range. While they recover Sabretooth tells Blink that he will stay in this reality to raise David to prevent what the Tallus predicted. Blink is sad, as she supposed that once they had repaired all ripples in time, she and Creed would be reunited again, but now the Tallus says that with Sabretooth staying behind it will create a new reality for him. Creed tells her that that they found each other this time and he is sure they will see each other again. 