Remy kisses and cavorts with Rogue on a beach, then she turns into Bella Donna, who tries to drown him. He uses his enhanced and restored powers to turn the water in his throat to oxygen. The New Son appears, having turned out to be Remy himself, or a clone, alternate universe version, or twin brother, and blasts with much more power than Remy. He wakes; it was a nightmare, and Fontanelle says it a warning from his subconscious mind. She reveals her real name and says she was an obscure therapist with a taste for S&M, whom Courier hired to profile Remy. She started with the dreams of the X-Men and learned they stranded him in the Antarctic (Uncanny X-Men #350), so the New Son sent a rescue party, which is why Remy owed him. He said he planned to create a new, perfect world and then move everyone to it, and Remy agreed to help. He rescued Courier from the High Evolutionary (Wizard #1/2 Special), who had stolen plans for terraforming equipment, then stole a blueprint for an alien ship, for transportation (# 1), then stole Moira's files on mutants (# 2), to be able to restrict resistance, then tried to help Courier recruit the Crew ASKEW (# 3). But the New Son's plan went hincky, because Dr. Doom shifted an alternate earth (Heroes Reborn) into the spot the New Son had wanted to use. So he tried to use Quiet Bill to find a vacancy in an alternate universe. Fontanelle says his friends and foes all respect him but see his internal conflicts. She recounts his twisted history with the Guilds and reveals that Amanda Mueller (# 13), whom he saved from Sinister in 1891, was her mother, but she doesn't know what happened to her. Since Mueller was an adult in 1891 and Fontanelle was born in the 1950s, Mueller must age very slowly. The New Son grew frantic and threatened to kill Remy (# 15). She started seeding the minds she investigated, to help save him, so the New Son fired her. The X-Men confronted the New Son and found out he looks like Remy (2000 Annual), but they still don't know his origin or agenda, or how this fits into the Guilds and the Old Kingdom, or why the New Son thinks Remy will destroy the world. Fontanelle says they need answers fast, before the New Son returns, and they should start by investigating their mutual past. Remy goes to Washington, DC, and asks Courier to impersonate Xavier and infiltrate Kelly's Commission on Superhuman Activities to get information about the New Son. 