Xavier has disbanded the X-Men (X-Men 2nd series, #92), but Remy, suspicious, breaks his way back in, wearing Xavier's aftershave and keeping a charged card near his head to avoid detection by Wolverine's nose and Xavier’s and Phoenix’s telepathy. He copies files from Storm's computer and leaves. The files reveal that Xavier disbanded the team because he has reason to mistrust at least one of them (this will turn out to be the Skrull imposter of Wolverine). Remy decides to figure it out and needs to retrieve something from his past. He hides out in Arizona, where he once knew De Luc and Scalphunter. He asks De Luc if she has seen Scalphunter recently; she denies it, but Remy thinks she’s lying. At night Fontanelle invades Remy‘s dreams; she finds many odd images: Apocalypse’s head at the bottom of a tree, Sabretooth lurking behind it, Magneto embracing Rogue, five Dr. Dooms next to each other, people selling newspapers, a pregnant woman in a lab, and a house. In the dream Fontanelle talks with Remy: she wonders why these images didn’t show up in her other “patients,“ and Remy hints that they might not have happened yet, though they are not precognitive. Fontanelle admits that although she is working for the New Son, her discoveries have given her a more personal reason to continue this dream quest. Courier wakes him up and zaps him directly to the New Son's crystal cathedral. Remy says he's only working for him because he had no choice, and because he believes the New Son is trying to help human-mutant relations. The New Son says they have reached a crisis point in time, that will shape reality. Similar events were the Dark Phoenix saga, and Cyclops sacrificing his son to the future. This time the convergence point involves Apocalypse. In case the X-Men can't stop Apocalypse, the New Son wants ensure that life will rise from the ashes. He says he knows all this because he already saw it happen elsewhere and elsewhen. Remy awakes; Scalphunter has knocked out Courier and is compelled to attack Remy. (He is a Marauder, cloned and under Sinister's control.) De Luc makes them stop fighting; Remy needs info on Sinsiter’s hideout. The one that the X-Men knew about was blown up (X-men 2nd series, #34), but surely there are others. Scalphunter says the Marauder clones will self-destruct if they betray Sinister, so only Sabretooth can reveal the information since he is not a clone. Remy takes Courier to the Andes to find him. They are attacked by a natives calling themselves the Blood Tigers. Remy surrenders and says he has come to help the God of the Hunt, so they take him to Sabretooth, who is dying. 