Chapter 1 Remy asks Sekmeht for help. The Thieves' Guild wanted the Momentary Princess (issue #10) to explain a hundred-year old suitcase. It contains a picture of Remy in 1891. He must go back in time, because he saved the guild from Candra; as well as rescuing Jean Luc and Tante Mattie as children. Sekmeht directs him to time platform in Latveria (last reported destroyed in X-Force #64), which is now ruled by Stryfe. He gets Courier and hires the Mengo brothers (!) to help. They sneak in, destroy some Doom-bots, and find the reassembled platform. Since Courier is also in the picture, Remy takes him to the past, leaving the Mengos to guard Sekmeht. Chapter 2: It Takes a Thief (or perhaps a Dozen) (London, 1891) Remy and Courier go to Worth (a master thief, the prototype for Doyle's Moriarty). He knows Jacques LeBeau. Candra strolls into the United Service Club in London and berates the Tithe Collector for not punishing the Thieves' Guild for failing to get the Momentary Princess (run-on sentence). Jacques had sent his son Jean Luc to get it, as his tilling, but he failed, and Candra has withheld the elixir from them, so they are rapidly aging. Remy tracks the Guild to Milbury house, Sinister's abandoned home. Candra has Jean Luc and Belize, planning to kill them to punish their fathers. She explains she wants knowledge to keep herself safe from other Externals. The Thieves' Guild has been investigating the Old Kingdom, so she allied with them. Remy has the Guild offer Candra Sinister's research; yet she is angered and takes the Guild members captive. Chapter 3: Cards on the Table (and a Few up the Sleeve!) Remy follows the Guild to Candra, leaving Courier behind as cover, impersonating a Bobby. The Tithe Collector uses Dr. Strange-like sorcery to get past Courier, who reverts to his true form and is knocked out. Remy bursts in, frees the Guild and confronts Candra. The research the Guild brought her was about Apocalypse, whom she doesn’t want to confront, but information on Dr. Essex could help. The Tithe Collector arrives and confirms legends of Essex, with ghostly pale face, linked to the ancient Egyptian warlord. Remy offers to bring more on Sinister, if Candra will restore the pact, but the Guild refuses his help, since they already know Essex is in New York. Candra hands over the boy Belize and promises to release Jean-Luc when the Guild returns, but Gambit doesn’t trust her, causes an explosion and escapes with Jean-Luc. Later at Worth’s place, Remy waits for Courier to wake. He sees in a newspaper that Essex, calling himself Milbury, is connected to the Black Womb. It's a race to New York to investigate. 