The New Sun used Quiet Bill to bring Remy to his earth, which is ruined. Remy realizes he's supposed to see this and fear, so he doesn't lose control of his powers, too. He uses his kinetic abilities to keep Bill frozen in time, so the portal stays open. New Sun wants to talk but expects they'll fight after Remy has heard his story. He was born in Alpha-1, a lab like Black Womb, and trained as a weapon. As a teenager he incinerated the lab and wandered. He joined the X-Men, but had to leave when he killed Phoenix. Jean Luc took him in and showed him the prophecies of the Diable Blanc, who was to be a vessel of the King of the Old Kingdom, which preceded Atlantis and Lemuria. No one thought that “bringing the burning light of heaven to earth“ was literal, but when he channeled those energies, a chain reaction of cascading energy waves engulfed the world, making it a new sun and killing everyone except the New Sun. He tried to remake time, the ultimate use of his kinetic power, but failed, instead breaking through to other universes (including the Age of Apocalypse), finding many in ruins, till he got to ours. To save it, he plans to kill Remy, and he starts blasting. Fontanelle has been monitoring Quiet Bill's dreams and wakes him, while Courier reaches him physically. Remy fights kinetic energy wave with kinetic energy wave; something clicks in his head, and his power goes full-force, blasting New Sun all the way to Iraq. They rush each other, colliding a mile above earth, then land in Turkey at the site of the Old Kingdom. Remy knew how powerful he could be and had Sinister lobotomize him (#16, 23). Less powerful but more cunning, he pumps power into the New Sun, overloading him and knocking himself unconscious. He sees Fontanelle in a dream, then wakes to see a statue of the King fall and impale New Sun with a spear. Everything evaporates, and Courier and Bill pull Remy through the portal to safety in the nick of time. Huey is dead, and Bill is distraught. Remy's extra powers have burnt out, so he's back to where he started. Courier asks if Remy will miss being so powerful, but he declines. She asks what he wants, and suddendly he kisses him/her, saying he wants to keep everyone on their toes. 