While working out in the Danger Room, Marrow has accidentally stabbed Remy through the heart. But it doesn't kill him: he pulls the bone-knife out, and it explodes, but his wound is healed. Xavier wants tests run, and Rogue, who has seen the green spirit, is suspicious, but Remy isn't answering questions. Xavier double-checks Moira's test results (Gambit #2), then confronts Remy as to why he now has two psi-patterns. Moira says the entity is hyper-charging his powers; Xavier nudges them back, and the entity emerges and knocks everyone out. Remy wakes in Manhattan, Indiana, and he sees glimpses of the past: Mary trapped in an explosion at a gas station. He researches the event in the library and police station; she was a mutant whose powers blew her up; then the coroner hushed it up. Beast finds and wakes the unconscious X-Men. Unable to trace Remy, they go to Antarctica where he evidently met Mary. They find Remy's footprints in Magneto's abandoned base and learn he wandered around and ate plastic to survive. On a tape recorder, Remy spoke about his mistakes and regrets, and a video data log shows Magneto, his robot Ferris, and the green spirit in a tube. Mary attacked Magneto, and he fought her off but didn't know she was sentient. The video log also shows that Magneto impersonated Eric the Red and held Remy's trial (Uncanny X-Men 350), to distract and weaken the X-Men, while plotting his own return in the Magneto War. Remy visits Mary's sister Kimberly, who says Mary always knew she was different, but nobody believed her, till her mutant power caused the explosion and killed her. Her father started to drink, and the family fell apart. Remy leaves and then asks Mary what more she wants: she wants to die with him, so creating a new being which can live in all planes of existence. Remy has other ideas. When he found her in Magneto’s abandoned base, he didn’t know she was sentient: he just wanted energy to survive the cold. Using Magneto’s files, the X-Men find them. Rogue flies to the rescue with a device that removes Mary from Remy‘s body, but that starts to kill her. She reminds Remy that she helped him when the X-Men abandoned him, so he charges a card and explodes the device. He is knocked down but is fine; Mary has disappeared and is presumed dead. Later Remy is tested in the lab, and no trace of Mary is found. He and Rogue visit her grave, and Rogue apologizes for having abandoned him in Antarctica. 