First story : Remy, barely alive after repeated assassination attempts, is tied with barbed wire to crossed timbers, bleeding energy from cards in both hands, while an angel descends upon him. Courier checks in with the New Son, who arranged the whole Assasination Game to make Remy force his powers to their peak. Warren attacks Remy, angry about the Morlock Massacre. They struggle in mid-air, then Warren drops him, then swoops him up again when he survives the fall. Denti and police squad cars follow, amazed that X-Men would fight each other, and Remy uses a grappling hook to latch onto a news helicopter. Remy is finally worn out and slips, but Kurt bamfs in and catches him. Warren won't explain his actions and flies away; Kitty and Piotr take Remy aboard the Blackbird. The New Son berates Warren for fighting in public, since he has kept himself secret in his crystal hideaway. Back in Westchester, Kitty runs tests on Remy and says his power is erratic. Remy comes clean, explaining the New Son rescued him in Antarctica (after being stranded there in Uncanny X-Men #350) and asked him to work with him to save the world. From whom? Remy. Quiet Bill is still opening portals to other universes for the New Son, so he can see if any version of Remy survived. Bill explains that the Crystal Cathedral exists between moments in time. Courier confronts Warren, saying he purposely drew the X-Men's attention so he wouldn't be able to kill Remy. Warren is pretty sure Courier secretly alerted the Thieves Guild to the Assasination Game, knowing they would help Remy defeat the other assassins. Kitty is unable to find Warren's bio-signature anywhere on Earth. Then Bill opens a portal, and the X-Men enter. They arrive in the Crystal Cathedral and are attacked by the New Son's technicians, who turn out to be empty containment suits. Remy sends the X-Men and Bill to find Huey, while he goes to face the New Son. He links up with Warren, who has been his mole the whole time. A rift opens, and the New Son arrives with Courier, held in bands of crackling energy for his betrayal; he attacks the two X-Men as well. Remy recognizes the energy signature and uses his bio-charge to cancel out the New Son's, who reveals himself to be Remy from an alternate reality, older and more experienced. The colliding bio-charges start to collapse the Crystal Cathedral, and one of Bill's portals falls onto the New Son, taking him away. Courier finds another, and he/she, Remy, and Warren get back to earth, to the wastelands of Siberia, with more questions than answers. They activate a homing beacon for the X-Men, and Remy writes a warning in the ground: Chateau New Son - Abandon all hope ye who enter. Second Story : Near Moscow, Jean Luc breaks through a security system he devised, but then has to face hell dogs. Milk Bones with sedative do the trick. He trips a magic spell, and space disorients. He faces the Antiquary, whom he kicked out of the Thieves' Guild years ago, but now he needs his help to resurrect the Old Kingdom, even though he knows who will be the first host. They talk. Jean Luc returns to his hotel and finds Dr. Strange there. He says he has chosen a difficult path. 