Elysian Enterprises has discovered the twelfth tomb of Garbha-Hsien, a Celestial who became an Asian dictator in Asia for a thousand years, thanks to his spacecraft, which was later stolen by Apocalypse (X-Force #37). They have brought in Agent Denti to help break through the security measures. While he discusses the situation with Anwar Anubar and archeologist Sekmet Conoway, Remy is already inside the temple, and Indiana-Joneslike, he bypasses many hidden traps, steals the treasure (a gauntlet) and gets away, though not before saving Sekmet from a fall from a great height. Remy delivers the price to the Courier of the mysterious New Son, who saved him from freezing to death in Antarctica (see Uncanny X-Men #350). (dream session) Investigating Remy, Fontanelle invades Jean-Luc LeBeau's dreams. The guilds have been squabbling since Candra disappeared. When Remy was born with red eyes, earning him the name "Le Diable Blanc", the Antiquary had the Thieves' Guild steal him. Jean-Luc regretted this, and arranged for him to become part of Fagan's Mob. Fagan, the excommunicated offspring of an assasin and a thief, takes care of many orphaned children. Later Remy and Bella Donna (the daughter of the head of the Assassins' Guild) met, fell in love, and married. Thus, Jean-Luc arranged peace between the guilds, until Remy was challenged to a duel with his brother-in-law Julien, killed him and got exiled. After wandering around as a thief, Remy joined the X-Men. (present) Since returning to the estate, Remy has been staying in the boathouse. The team visits him there, and horseplay ensues. Remy surprises the others with a time-delayed kinetic charge. He receives a message from the Courier, which worries the team; they are unsure of him since Antarctica. Denti guards a shipment to Elysian Enterprises' facility in Croatia. (He was partner to Fred Duncan, who was killed. Now as X-Cutioner, he uses leftover weapons from the X-Men's foes to kill mutants he thinks are dangerous.) The New Son sends Remy, who disables the convoy and destroys the cargo, but gets glued down by Denti. He charges his chewing gum and spits it at him; Rogue arrives, having secretly followed Remy, and carries him away . Fontanelle investigates Courier's dreams and learns Remy's next assignment is to steal from the X-Men. 