Some years have past since the last issue and Rose is writing in her diary again. It seems Dog has taken a turn for the worse and he now creeps her out. Dog is becoming just like his surly alcholic father. The atmosphere of the house has also changed and everything seems darker and sadder. James too his much sicker than before. Rose accidently bursts in on the Mistress getting changed and large scars can be seen across her ribs. Rose is hurried out the room and told to keep quiet about what she has seen. Rose runs outside into the waiting arms of Dog. Rose tries to leave but Dog stops here forcefully. James has come outside and see Rose and Dog struggling. Dog tells him to clear off so James runs to fetch his father. Rose slaps Dog and does a runner. Later Thomas Logan is getting a sound ticking off from the Master John. He warns him that if it happens again there will be trouble. James stand in the rain next to the grave of the other John (his deceased elder brother) with his dog. Suddenly Dog appears from behind a tree and precedes to give James a beating for ratting him out. James' dog comes to his aid and bites Dog on the leg. James is thrown to the ground and bangs his head on a tree root. Dog pulls out a knife and stabs the poor young dog to death. Later on Master John has Logan and his kid thrown off the property and the body of the dog burned. As they drag Logan away he threatens just about everything under the sun. Logan returns home and Dog cowers in the corner. Logan isn't mad at him and he plans to get his revenge soon. Rose and Kenneth talk about that days events until they are interrupted by Logan and Dog. Kenneth ends up with his head caved in and Rose is forced to let them into the house. Upstairs Logan surprises the Mistress and they start arguing. The noise disturbs Master John who comes to her aid, only to get smacked with the butt of a shotgun. Logan and John face off against each other. James walks in just in time to see his father blasted with a shotgun. James runs to his father side while Rose screams hysterically. Dog points his shotgun at James but Rose knocks the gun and he misses. James jumps to his feet and smacks Dog with a hard right hand. Dog goes down like a sack of potatoes holding is badly bleeding face. James runs over to Logan and hits him hard in the chest. Logan swots him away with the shotgun and turn it on him. As prepares to fire he suddenly gets weak and holds his hands to his chest. As he pulls them away they are covered in his own blood. Rose and Elizabeth look at James with shock on their faces. James kneels screaming on the floor with six short but sharp claws protruding from the back of his hands. 