A terrible cry rings out. It is a cry that has been heard many times since and strikes fear into the hearts of even the most steadfast hero. It is the cry of a beast but yet of a man. This cry signifies the birth of one of the most dangerous mutant the world will ever see. James is shocked by the claws that have popped out of his hands, and cries again. Rose is shocked and terrified at what she has just witnessed. Elizabeth Howlett, is shocked too, yet she has seen something similar before, as she say “Not again, not you, James“ before slapping him in the face and telling him to leave. James is confused and doesn’t understand what is going on. The trauma of witnessing the death of his father and killing Thomas Logan has given him selective amnesia (A problem that he will suffer from for the rest of his life). James runs from the house and Rose follows. Dog sits holding his face whimpering as Elizabeth looks at the two dead men. She kneels down buy Thomas and holds him in her arms. Thomas was obviously the man she really loved. Ouside Rose finds James lying amongst the leaves in the garden maze. Claws still protrude through the backs of his hands and he looks dazed and confused. Meanwhile Elizabeth picks up a rifle and holds it to her head. Outside a gunshot rings out. While James and Rose hide out in the barn the police inform the elderly Mr Howlett what has happened. James doesn’t seem to recognize Rose at first but he slowly becomes more lucid. He complains that there is so much noise and that he can smell things that seem far away. The Police question Dog about what happened and he so very nicely testifies that it was Rose, who shot the others. Rose gets turned away by her only living family, her Aunt Hazel. She has no choice but to continue to walk with James through the snowy night, and remarks to James that his claws are slowly sliding back under the skin. As the two walk through the woods they come across old Mr Howlett and Rose explains what really happened. He takes them into the his house and in an uncommonly generous act (for him anyway) gives them a coat, money and the promise to use his power in the town to keep the police off their backs for 10 hours, if they will never show up again. Rose and James travel by train and then by horse and cart out to a frontier mining town in Northern Canada. Rose realizes that James seems to be healing as they travel and all his injures and his claws seem to have disappeared. All the time James is quiet and subdued. When they reach the town the guy in charge, called Smitty, notices James and asks to see his hands. Realizing that James has never done a hard days work in his life he questions Rose about him. Rose promises that James will do more than his fair share of work and that she will cook and clean. Smitty asks for James’ his name. Rose thinks on her feet and says that his name is Logan. 