The Pacific, Northwest   In the snowy woods, two hunters and their dogs are chasing something and are hot on trail of it. The hunters wonder why their dogs are so exited. The dogs run forwards, being ordered to slow the creature down so that the hunters can finish it off.  Suddenly, the dogs scream. The hunters follow the sound, finding their dogs dead! The hunters prepare themselves and find an old foot bridge, practically destroyed. The hunters prepare to cross it, when, suddenly, the snowstorm gets even worse and the hunters are scared by what they see standing across the bridge. They notice the thing staring at them, wondering what it is. They believe it’s a man… or something. The man unsheathes his claws and starts roaring, really loud!  The man is a naked Wolverine and he has a deranged look on his face and he plans to attack. The hunters notice it and are particularly scared of what they only can describe as claws. The hunters decide that it’s not a man and prepare to kill it, but then have a better idea, they want to run back to their base and report Wolverine, so that the army can send helicopters and arrest him.  The hunters hear a noise behind them and find another mutant standing behind them: Sabretooth. After the hunter say that they are not afraid of him, Sabretooth introduces himself, saying that his name is Creed! The hunters prepare to fire, but Sabretooth kills them all with his claws. He goes over to the bridge, but Wolverine is already gone. Sabretooth promises Logan that he is coming for him.  The castle of the Six, night.   Jean Grey is sleeping, but has a nightmare. In the dream, she is in costume and scouting a snowy area. Jean knows that she isn’t alone and that someone is following her. She trips over a stick and finds all the members of the Six… dead! Jean wonders who could have done this. Suddenly, a loud roar comes again and Jean gets scared by it, asking who’s there. Wolverine comes out of the bushes and tells Jean that he is back! Jean can’t believe it. Jean wakes up, releasing a humongous amount of green psychic energy. Jean can’t believe what she saw, because Wolverine is dead.  The Six are training, fighting some battle droids. Havok congratulate Ice-Man on his technique of freezing the droid, while Gambit and Bloodstorm combine their powers and defeat the droid in their own special way.  Havok says he can’t believe the Six never had training sessions like this, not like the ones Alex had in the X-Men’s Danger Room. Cap says that Alex is right and that the Avengers regularly train out like this. Brute, however, finds this workout too easy. Jean walks scared into the room,  not noticing that a battle droid is heading straight at her. The Six combine their powers to destroy the droid and Brute protects Jean from harm.  After Alex asks Jean what she thought she was doing, Jean begs Alex and the Six for help: Wolverine needs them. Alex is confused. The last time he saw Wolverine, he was running feral in the Canadian woods with Sabretooth and Wild Child, and Alpha Flight arrested them. Jean believes he must have broken free and they must help him now. Ice-Man jokes about it, but Jean gets angry at that, throwing Ice-Man telekinetically to the back of the wall, saying that this is no joke.  Jean begs Alex for help, explaining that she and Logan share a past. She thought that he was dead. Jean doesn’t have the time to explain their entire history, but says that, if she’s a part of this team, they’ll have to trust her on this. Jean takes off, saying that she is going to rescue Logan and the team can come if they want. Alex says that they are a team and will do this together.  At that moment in Canada, Wolverine sneaks around a lonely house. He breaks in, breaking the lock with his claws. He opens the refrigerator with his claws and takes some milk, drinking it from the carton. Wolverine hears something and points his claws at… a little girl! The girl asks if he’s her dad, who left them a long time ago. Her mom told her he’d come back one day. The girl finds that Wolverine looks like the way her dad looked on the pictures she saw.  Wolverine gets a huge headache. He remembers a time when he and Jean were attacked by Sabretooth. Wolverine remembers when he, Sabretooth and Wild Child were kidnapped by the Weapon X Program, and their kidnappers wondered what they were going to do to Logan’s family. A scientist of the Program ordered Wolverine to stop struggling, or else they’ll kill his family, saying that they’ll be better off thinking he is dead.  The girl asks what’s wrong and asks if she has to go get her mom. Wolverine sniffs and smells Sabretooth coming. He tells the girl to go back to bed and pretend that this was a dream and takes off. The girl’s mom comes half-a-sleep out of her bedroom and asks her daughter, Marie, why she’s out of her bed. The mom notices the claws on the refrigerator and knows they belong to Logan.  A short wile later, Wolverine plans to buy some space between him and the house, keeping them safe from Sabretooth. But, before he can do that, Sabretooth arrives and slams Wolverine against a wall. Sabretooth explains that they want their experiment back, and they want him back alive. Too bad they sent him, Sabretooth says. Sabretooth says that they paid a lot of money for this job and made a lot of promises, but he would have done this for free, because after this, he’s going to kill Wolverine’s family!  Wolverine becomes angry and orders Sabretooth to keep his family out of this. Sabretooth notices that Wolverine is still struggling with his brain, trying to get it together. Sabretooth can’t believe that he is still drawn to Mariko, even after all these years. But Sabretooth’s not too surprised, as he too always had a hankering for Mariko. Sabretooth plans to do something with her after he killed Logan, but reconsiders, realizing that Mariko is one of the faithful kind of women. Wolverine tries to slash Sabretooth with his claws, but Sabretooth grabs Logan by the throat, saying that Mariko could have run back to Japan with her two kids. But she wouldn’t believe that Logan was dead, even after she was told so.  Sabretooth doesn’t notice that he accidentaly shreds a nearby gas tank a little open. Sabretooth continues talking to Wolverine, saying that he believes that Mariko didn’t go back to Japan because her royal clan might have wanted her to sacrifice her two kids. Sabretooth slams Wolverine down, asking if he’s got any last words. Wolverine gets up, saying he does and goes to the gas tank. Sabretooth doesn’t buy it; Wolverine would never do that. Wolverine says he would and destroys the gas tank, making it explode!  Sabretooth’s caught in the explosion and Wolverine has just made it to safety, by jumping away. Wolverine smells something else coming. He turns around, and sees the Six! Logan wants to attack them, but Jean calms him down, telling him to try to remember her. Wolverine does and falls into her arms, asking what happened to him. Jean doesn’t know, but promises that they will find out.   Meanwhile at Wolverine’s house…  Mariko quickly packs, wanting to leave. Marie and Brian come from their rooms, asking what’s wrong. Mariko tells her kids that they are leaving, it will be like an adventure. There’s a knock on the door, so Mariko goes to open it. She’s startled at what she sees. It is Sabretooth, with heavily burns, a sadistic look on his face and claws ready. 