Rogue has just arrived at Xavier’s school with nothing than the clothes she wore, and even these are not her own but only hand-me downs. Storm promises to Xavier to take their guest shopping the next day. In her room Rogue thinks that she might come to like it here. Downstairs Colossus, Nightcrawler and Wolverine discuss Rogue. Especially Logan is suspicious and smells trouble ahead, yet Storm comes in and says that eanyone needs a chance to proove himself. Wolverine announces to leave the next day to take care of some private business. The next morning Storm takes Rogue to a mall, and they later arrive at the mansion with many bags and boxes. Rogue tries to help Storm with the boxes, but Ororo moves back, fearing that their skins could touch. The incident depresses Rogue again, although they had fun while shopping. Later Rogue is talking with Xavier and Storm, as she suddenly realizes an owl inside the mansion. Xavier explains that ever since childhood he has been nursing wounded animals back to health. Batasar, the owl’s name, is already ok again, but in fact it does not wish to leave Xavier yet. Xavier takes Rogue to Cerebro to start her first training. He explains the purpose of the device, it amplifies his own telepathy and will enable them to have their lesson in the astral plane. The professor asks how Rogue is feeling and she replies to be worried abou a math test. Yet this is not herself speaking, but residue of one of about 50 residue personalities i´n her head, as Xavier discovers. All of them are talking simultaneously and Rogue sometimes can’t even hear her own thoughts. With one gestures Xavier erects an astral brick wall, and all the voices are gone. Amazed Rogue asks if he could teach her how to o that, and Xavier agrees. At first he gets rid of the wall and then guides Rogue, who after lots of concentrating manages to create one brick. Still it is enough to make Xavier proud, and the lesson is ended. Outside Storm wishes Logan a good journey. He once more voices his doubts about the new girl, but Storm lectures him for having prejudices. Rogue witnessed the scene from her window. In Rogue’s next session with the professor, he wants to investigate her touch. In an astral scenario they find sthemselves at a playground with many children reaching for Rogue. She panics and backs away; Xavier sees how deep her fears run and tries andifferent scene. In a gym, Rogue is blindfolded, and Xavier talks to her about trust. He promises to catch her if she lets herself fall backwards and after some convincing she does as told. Then Xavier wants to reverse positions and she again is frightened. Catching someone would mean to use her hands and touch Xavier. The professor tries to calm her, but she freaks out; her reaction is so strong that she even moves in the physical world and accidentally touches Xavier. Immediatly she absorbs his power, and the X-Men, in telepathic contact with their mentor realize that he is in pain. Rogue runs away from the estate, while Nightcrawler checks on Xavier. 