One Week Ago Madripoor, the Market District, people go about their business shopping and selling in the busy market place. Nearby, soldiers patrol the boardwalk outside a house, unaware that Daken is keeping watch over them. Today Okinawa, the rain pours down, and inside a small house Daken stands with a priest, who, in Japanese, utters 'But the remains. You understand I cannot properly -' to which Daken tells the priest to do his best. This is the Matsugo No Mizu: Wetting the Mouth. Two Days Ago In the Madripoor slums, 'I... I can... it was...' someone utters, sitting on a bed in one of the slum apartments. Two well-dressed officials stand over the man, one of them addresses him as Agent Kim, and tells him to do his best, adding that they need someone they can trust to tell them what happened in there. 'You were Hydra's eyes and ears, son' the official adds.  One Week Ago Outside the Market District, the house is still under patrol, as people arrive, they gather in groups, with Viper and several Hydra agents standing in the middle of them. 'Ladies and gentlemen! Ladies and gentlemen, if you'll please take your seats! We are about to begin!' Today Daken watches over the priest, as Yukan, the Washing of the Body, begins. One Week Ago An auctioneer stands on a podium 'Ladies and gentlemen. Distinguished guests. Welcome to Madripoor!' he exclaims, while a gray-skinned man stands next to him. Viper sits at the rear of the room, while men in business suits and a blonde woman fill out the seats throughout the room. The auctioneer tells everyone that he knows they are all eager to view the merchandise, and assures them that what they are about to see is absolutely authentic, adding that most of them have been already inspected the merchandise themselves. 'And yes, the rumors are true... the man known as Wolverine is dead!' the auctioneer exclaims, before pulling a cloth off of a small table next to where he stands, revealing two bone claws and a vial. 'Our lot today...I present to you – the sum total of his mortal remains! Relics of a truly unique pedigree, I'm sure you'll agree'. He adds that all three fragments will be sold only as a single lot, and the bidding will start at fifty million dollars. Today The priest kneels down and Daken watches him, as the Kiyu Hokohu or Announcement of Death, is performed. Two Days Ago Agent Kim tells the two officials that the bidding began at fifty million dollars and that people jumped right in, pushing past a hundred, two hundred million in no time. He assures them that he kept his eyes open, just like they said, waiting for the violence. 'You knew that, right? It was inevitable'. Agent Kim stops talking and one of the agents asks him what happened next. Today The rain continues to pour down, as the Makura Naoshi No Gi is performed – Laying the Body Down. Two Days Ago 'Agent Kim?' one of the officials snaps. 'I'm a veteran Hydra scout, okay? I've seen sights that would make any person kill themselves' Agent Kim declares, adding that he survived Operation: Emerald in Symkaria, and he was in Genosha. The female agent's eyes suddenly light up and she points at Agent Kim. 'He's rambling, Agent Karp. We don't have time for this. I'll just drain him and we can debrief on our own' she declares to the other male official. 'No! No, wait! I'll tell you! I'll tell you!' Agent Kim protests. He exclaims that what happened next, well, by then people were already dying, but there wasn't a sound. They had no idea. They were so focused on each other, and he was out there, taking his time, moving closer. Today Daken stands out in the rain, while the priest says a prayer as the Nokan No Gi, the Placing of the Coffin, takes place. One Week Ago Daken, the son of Wolverine strikes, wearing his Horseman of Death costume, leaping towards one of the soldiers. Today Daken remains outside in the rain, as Offferings for the Deceased, or Kyuzen Nikku are performed by the priest. Two Days Ago 'No. No, wait. Are you sure? This doesn't sound like Daken. The guy's a hotfoot psycho. Wolverine didn't train him. He abandoned him before he was born' Agent Karp points out, adding that they don't know him to plan carefully, as he just moves, all hunger and instinct. He has his father's powers, sure, but he is a wild animal, yelling his own name while he fights. 'Yeah, I know' Agent Kim replies, announcing that the profile is out of date. 'I'm telling you...he's changed' Agent Kim adds. One Week Ago Indeed, Daken silently sliced his way through the soldiers patrolling the boardwalk outside the house. Today Daken looks back inside as the priest is once again kneeling for Ubusuna Jinja Ni Kiyu Hokoko, the Announcement of the Return of the Spirit. One Week Ago Daken lands on the rooftop and plunges his claws into the tiles, which results in an explosion, blasting him off the rooftop into the water surrounding the building, and staining the roof with his blood. Today The priest pours a liquid from a bowl which is Bosho Batsujo No Gi, Purifying the Ground. One Week Ago 'People, please. The blast you just heard is nothing but an ordinary security measure. We anticipated this. All is well' the auctioneer calls out to the audience as they start to look concerned. He assures everyone that they are quite safe and reports that sensors indicate a lone intruder and that he has been neutralized. 'We are secure. Now... shall we continue the bidding?' the auctioneer suggests. A man standing behind Agent Kim raises his bidding paddle, while Agent Kim frowns. Two Days Ago Agent Kim tells the other agents that they all should have gotten up and left right then, but that nobody wanted anyone else to get their hands on the merchandise – they wanted to believe they really were secure. But he knew that was a lie. Today Daken has returned inside as the priest pours some liquid over his head. This is Kessai, Purifying the Self. One Week Ago 'Three hundred! Three hundred million over there, sir!' the auctioneer exclaims, before asking oif they have three hundred and twenty. The gray-skinned man standing near the auctioneer listens through his earpiece and tells someone 'Soo – something's still out there. Soo, report', but he gets no response. 'Three hundred and twenty – yes, Ma'am!' the auctioneer calls out, before asking if they have three hundred and forty. 'Soo, report' the gray-skinned man demands, but still gets no response. Two Days Ago Agent Kim holds a glass in his shaky hand, 'Three hundred and forty million. That was AIM's bid. The last bid anyone had a chance to make...' he announces. Today Daken and the priest both take a drink, this is Tsuya Sai, the Wake. One Week Ago Suddenly, Daken bursts through the wall, it cracks and explodes inwards. Daken is fast, and he flicks his arms outwards, his claws enter the top of the auctioneer's back and he spins away from Daken like a toy. Agent Kim notes that Daken looks different, too, changed, like there is barely anything human there anymore. The gray-skinned man, hits Daken with full force, some kind of super-heated plasma breath, dowsing Daken in the flame, it blasts him, making a sound like jet engine, while the auctioneer leans against the podium, gurgling out the last of his life. Today The priest holds his hands up, carrying a tray, this is Senrei Sai, or Transferring the Spirit. One Week Ago The gray-skinned man puts everything he has into his plasma blast – but it isn't enough, and his flame runs out, leaving a somewhat smoldering Daken free to shove his claws into the gray-skinned man's chest. Agent Kim supposes that drugs might explain how nothing seems to slow Daken down, but he sees the look on his face, Daken was feeling the pain, he just didn't let it stop him. Most of the people start to get the idea to run and escape, but Agent Kim doesn't look away for a second, and he sees Daken decapitate the gray-skinned man. “Eyes and Ears” - they were his orders. Today Daken looks at the food before him. This is Settai, or Refreshments. One Week Ago Most of the men have run for the exit, but Viper remains in her seat, while the blonde woman and Agent Kim stand in the room. 'Ladies and gentlemen' Daken calls out as he approaches the remains of his father. Agent Kim decides that his voice is like a stone smashing a skull. He didn't want to hear anything like that – he didn't want to know. 'Ladies and gentlemen!' Daken shouts again. He tells the men at the door that they can't leave just yet, as the security here is very good. 'I have something I'd like to say. Please do me the courtesy of listening' he adds. Today Daken stands expressionless as the priest watches him. Shinsosai, the Eulogy. Two Days Ago 'Tell us what he said, Agent Kim. Exactly every word' Agent Karp instructs. One Week Ago Daken declares that the artifacts are his father's remains – his father's. 'I know you want what's left of him. To study, or to put to other uses. To worship, to revile, to revive. I don't care which'. The blonde woman watches Daken intently as he announces that they shall not have him, as they have no right to him. 'From this moment forward, let it be known – anyone who makes any move...any move at all, with intent to buy, sell, trade, or replicate any piece of the Wolverine...that person will die unfulfilled. Painfully. Suddenly. By my hand. On my honor' Daken announces. Today Daken and the priest look at a small box and hang ther heads. Kokobetsu Shiku – the Farewell. One Week Ago 'Three of you will live to deliver this message. The rest will be my demonstration' Daken announces. The men all start to rush for the door again, but Daken sets about slaying them with his deadly claws. Blood from one severed head is splattered across Agent Kim. Two Days Ago Agent Kim reports that some tried to run, some tried to fight, but it didn't matter, it was all the same to Daken, who is a force of nature, he cut them down like they were straw – like they were nothing at all. 'And his emotional state? How did he read?' the female official enquires. Today Daken carries the box out into the rain, followed by the priest. Hakkya Sai No Gi – the Departure of the Coffin. Two Days Ago Agent Kim addresses the female as Agent Moro and tells her 'The thing I can't shake. If you saw his eyes...he wasn't angry. He wasn't enjoying himself. He wasn't punishing us. It was as if we weren't there at all' he explains, recalling Daken slicing through more of the men. He adds that it was as if they meant nothing, they were nothing. As if he was just going through the formal steps of a ritual. 'And he...oh...' Agent Kim remarks, dropping his glass, which shatters on the floor. 'But he let you live. Why?' Agent Karp asks. 'He... he...' Agent Kim's voice trails off. Today Through the rain, Daken and the priest take the small box to another building. Soretsu, the Funeral Procession. One Week Ago Daken never says a word. It takes him about ten minutes to kill them all. Lady Viper orders her men to stand in place and accept their deaths with dignity. Daken cuts through them with ease. Viper smirks. She stands up near Daken and they look at the only other two people in the room – the blonde woman and Agent Kim. Today Inside the small building, two small tables have photographs placed on them. One is of Wolverine, the other, a woman. Hakkyu-Go Batsujo No Gi: Purification of the House. One Week Ago 'You knew' Raven Darkholme a.k.a. Mystique remarks as she drops the disguise of the blonde woman. 'Daken. You knew who I was. You didn't have to do any of this. I could've won the auction' Mystique exclaims, adding that she would have hidden it all away. 'I would've given him a proper -' she begins, but Daken just turns his back to the women and instructs them both to leave now. Viper does so, and Mystique follows, scowling at Daken, who stands before Agent Kim, bodies of the dead littered around them. Today Daken and the priest kneel before the tables with the photos. Maisosai – Burial Rites. Two Days Ago Agent Moro's eyes glow again, as she stands over Agent Kim, she declares that Viper and Mystique were tactical choices, so there has to be a reason that Daken left Agent Kim, too. 'Something you're not telling us' she remarks. 'No, no, I swear! Please!' Agent Kim pleads. Agent Moro puts her hands to Agent Kim's head, and Agent Karp asks 'Well?' One Week Ago Daken touches Agent Kim's neck and tells him thst it has been a while. 'Years...you...you're so...' Agent Kim begins. 'For old times' sake, then' Daken suggests, before he and Agent Kim kiss. Daken leans into Agent Kim's ear and tells him to go, to remember the time they once had, and to live while he can. Two Days Ago Agent Kim's body lays strewn across the bed. 'Well?' Agent Karp asks. Agent Moro informs him that Agent Kim and Daken were lovers once. 'Too bad. We should've known. We could've used that. Now we've got nothing' she points out. Today 'Father' Daken remarks in Japanese, holding up one of the claws, he performs Kotsusage or Removal of the Bones. Daken hangs his head, the rain continues to pour down. Kika Sai: Coming Home. 