In New York City Apocalypse has built his fortress. Twenty years ago a man died, who, had he have lived, who would have stood in the path of Apocalypse’s ascension. Apocalypse rules this land and everyone on it; all humans will one-day die because of Apocalypse’s orders. Even some forgotten mutants will be killed but if you are lucky to be one of the Chosen, count your blessings, because you will be saved of Apocalypse’s cullings of the weak. The Madri, who are the eyes and ears of Apocalypse, have up to now been the most loyal and obedient to Apocalypse. Now though, one of the Madri members will risk everything by traveling to the inner sanctum of Apocalypse and reading files supposed to be seen only by Apocalypse. Also it means risking his very own life, he needs to know if the Madri are among the Chosen. The member of the Madri turns on the screen and the people he sees along with Apocalypse’s brief descriptions of them are as follows: Magneto & Rogue – ChosenApocalypse believes that if the circumstances were different Magneto and him would be partners and not enemies. If he did not believe in following the dream of his dead friend Charles Xavier. Both him and Apocalypse go around gathering pawns to use against each other. Yet, while Apocalypse’s army counts thousands, Magneto’s is just a few. Apocalypse knows that one-day soon him and Magneto will face off in a final battle where only one will survive. X-Man – ForgottenSinister’s little secret experiment using Cyclops and Jean Grey’s DNA to create the most powerful mutant on Earth. Apocalypse though wonders if Sinister is so loyal to him then why would he create X-Man in secrecy? Apocalypse surmises that X-Man was created to be Sinister’s assassin and the person to try to kill Apocalypse. It will be with great regret, Apocalypse says, to have to kill X-Man. Cyclops – ChosenCyclops is the favorite adopted son of Sinister and since his birth Sinister has pampered him, making Cyclops the General of an elite mutant force. Apocalypse wonders though if Cyclops, whom Apocalypse thinks could be the next Horseman, is loyal to Sinister, the mutants in the pen, or himself. Apocalypse thinks that he must carefully observe this one. Havok – ForgottenHavok has the potential to be as great or greater then his brother Cyclops but his envy and jealousy get in his way. Plus Apocalypse has heard rumors that Havok may be in love with a flatscan and ultimately his passion and his hatred will be his undoing. Sinister – ChosenFor one hundred and fifty years Essex has been Apocalypse’s loyal servant. Lately though Apocalypse has noticed betrayal in Sinister’s eyes. Sinister was content as long as he was allowed to do his experiments and be left alone, but now that it is time to remove the chaff from the wheat, Sinister has become too much of a father to his experiments. So if his experiments survive they end up orphaned. Storm – ChosenHow can a Goddess concern herself with mere mortals, Apocalypse says? Is it her love for Quicksilver that makes her stay with Magneto’s X-Men? How can she deny the truth that all mutants were meant to be Gods? Quicksilver – ChosenHow long will he run from the truth, Apocalypse thinks? He has endured much, first his mothers murder, then his sister’s. How can he love another? What will happen if Storm falls in battle? One day he will have to choose either follow his father’s path, which leads to death, or follow Apocalypse’s path which leads to survival. Northstar & Aurora – ForgottenBoth mutants represent everything right with today’s mutants; they both follow orders with unwavering loyalty. Both though seem to be taken with themselves and Apocalypse says that their headiness will probably cause them to be among the first to fall. Beast – ForgottenMcCoy at one time was a successful geneticist who only wanted to experiment on himself. Now though Apocalypse sees the potential in the Beast to even surpass Sinister in genetics. Beast has a darker side with no morality. If only, Apocalypse thinks, he could separate the Beast’s brain from the body… perhaps he can. The Four Horsemen – ChosenAbyss, Holocaust, Mikhail Rasputin and Sinister, the vanguard of his army of tomorrow. These members think Apocalypse trusts them more than anybody else, but he does not. Apocalypse only seeks to use them to usher in the new era of Earth where Apocalypse is King. X-Calibre – ForgottenNightcrawler, Mystique and Destiny are cowards barely worth an entry in the archives. They operate the Infernal Gallop to the secret refuge they call Avalon. These members are neutral joining neither side, though side the day will come when they will find there is no hiding from Apocalypse. Human High Council – ForgottenThe fittest the humans have to offer, they are the leaders of the masses in Eurasia. If even they were to destroy him Apocalypse’s dream would eventually conquer them. Weapon X & Jean Grey – ChosenThese two lovers are only loyal to themselves. Jean Grey was once captured by Apocalypse’s henchmen and was on her way to becoming a high official in Apocalypse’s army when Weapon X came in to save her. Both only trust each other and both are blind to their absurdity of their situation. Gambit and the X-Ternals – ForgottenGambits little band of mutants are more like annoying pests then anything else. Gambit seems to bring faith that the underdog can win and faith is a dangerous thing. The only thing Apocalypse wants from them is Lila Cheney, a mutant teleporter with the ability to take Apocalypse and his dream to the very stars. Colossus – ChosenHe has been with Magneto a long time, first as a student on Wundagore Mountain, then as a hero to his own people in Russia. Colossus is now a mentor to the next generation of Magneto’s mutants. Colossus was devastated when his brother turned traitor and became one of Apocalypse’s horsemen. Now with a kill or be killed attitude he searches for his sister along side his wife Kitty Pryde and Apocalypse sees great potential in his future. Angel - ChosenWhen will this one come down from his lofty perch? How long does he think Apocalypse will turn a blind eye to the secret business he conducts there, human and mutant living together? Come what may though Apocalypse believes that this Alpha mutant will rise to the top of any heap he is thrown into. Sabretooth & Wildchild - ChosenTwo mindless savages who have found comfort in each other both find pleasure in pain. Sabretooth was once a loyal member to Apocalypse’s army and he wonders if the symbiotic bond Sabretooth and Wildchild have formed with one another has caused Sabretooth to turn to Magneto’s side. One day, Apocalypse thinks, he will welcome Sabretooth back into his fold. Bishop – ChosenMadman? His is a world that Apocalypse wants to know because thanks to him Apocalypse knows that no matter what future, Apocalypse will always win, and just the timing will be different though. Charles Xavier – ForgottenIt is misnomer to classify Xavier as one who is forgotten. Why is it that death was not the end of this one, Apocalypse says? Instead Xavier’s dream lives on in every mutant rebel he faces today. Apocalypse next says that he wonders how it would have been if this one survived? Madri – Chosen The Madri sees that he has been chosen, and he gratefully says that they will serve Apocalypse loyally forever. However Apocalypse, who had been standing behind the Madri all along, tells the Madri that although they will be with him till the end, he needs to be taught a lesson and Apocalypse changes the Madri from Chosen to Forgotten and then Apocalypse kills the Madri. 