Outside the Washington Monument, Washington DC of the Supreme Power Universe. ‘HULK SQUISH FISHES!’ bellows the Incredible Hulk of the Ultimate Universe as he smashes Amphibian of the Earth-S Squadron Supreme and his Supreme Power counterpart, Kingsley, into some kind of lake, while his former Ultimate teammate Captain America tells him to put the Earth-S Nighthawk down. ‘Crushing my leg!’ Nighthawk exclaims as the behemoth grips his left leg tightly.  With the SHIELD Helicarrier in the distance, the Ultimate Universe’s Spider-Man remarks that Fury’s plan, as idiotic as it sounded, to have the three groups of heroes fight the Hulk instead of each other is actually working. ‘Now, if I can just keep Mr. Monster from eating them!’ the young hero exclaims. ‘Hulk make bird-man fly!’ the Hulk shouts as he tosses Nighthawk towards Captain America, smacking the legendary hero over.  The Hulk realizes that someone is approaching him - indeed, three someone’s actually, as the speedsters from each universe - Quicksilver of the Ultimates, Whizzer of the Earth-S Squadron Supreme, and his Supreme Power counterpart Blur - race towards the Hulk, and all begin punching him at extraordinary speeds, until the Hulk smashes his fists to the ground, sending water spraying everywhere and knocking the three speedsters aside with great ease.  Suddenly, Skymax of the Earth-S Squadron Supreme approaches Quicksilver, telling him that they have little time, and as his world’s Whizzer is down, he needs Quicksilver to get to the others. ‘What?’ shouts a dazed Quicksilver, exclaiming that he cannot hear anything thanks to the Hulk’s sonic boom. ‘Then don’t talk - think - I can hear you’ Skymax replies telepathically. ‘A telepath? Like Xavier?’ Quicksilver asks, referring to the founder of the X-Men. ‘Who…never mind’ Skymax exclaims, before telling Quicksilver that he must get Hyperion and any other beings of that power. ‘We must work together, I can see that now’ Skymax remarks, adding that he will by them as much time as he can. Nearby, the Scarlet Witch of the Ultimates is confronted by both the glamorous Arcanna Jones’ of the two worlds. ‘Witch! By bringing another version of the Squadron Supreme to this universe - you have somehow halved our powers. Difficult to make even an independent thought - when our duplicates are essentially two beings occupying one space!’ the powerful sorceresses exclaim. Confused, the Scarlet Witch replies that she knows. ‘I don’t know how to send them/you back!’ she points out. ‘We know. We’re going to help you!’ the Arcannas reply.  Meanwhile, the Hulk has found himself fighting - himself? ‘Hulk doesn’t like two Hulk’s!’ the behemoth shouts as he and his counterpart smash each other up. ‘Not a problem - this one is taking you out!’ the impostor Hulk replies, but the Hulk replies ‘No HULK is Hulk!’ and smashes his doppelganger hard in the face, drawing green blood. ‘Hulk is Hulk!’ he keeps repeating over and over again as he lays waste to the impostor - Skymax! ‘Stop…’ an exhausted Skymax exclaims, but the Hulk continues to thrash him as he returns to his default form. ‘Now you don’t look like Hulk…you look like dinner!’ the Hulk bellows as he smashes Skymax some more.  Suddenly though, both Power Princesses fly between the Hulk and Skymax, telling the behemoth that he has done all the damage that they will allow, and using their combined might, they knock the Hulk aside, enabling their respective teammate Doctor Spectrum blast him with their energies. ‘Together we make one. One who will make you fall!’ the heroes exclaim, joined by the X-Men’s Cyclops of the Ultimate Universe who blasts the Hulk with his optic beams.  The Ultimate Universe’s Human Torch of the Fantastic Four unleashes a powerful blast of flame upon the Hulk. ‘That’s gonna leave a mark!’ the young hero jokes, only for the Hulk to exclaim ‘Hulk make a wish!’ and blows the Human Torch out as if he was a candle. The Torch is knocked backwards through the air, rescued by Spider-Man who grabs him with a web. ‘And will he thank me when he wakes up? I think not!’ Spider-Man mutters.  ‘You’re goin’ down, bub!’ Wolverine of the X-Men declares as he shoves his adamantium claws into the Hulk’s chest. ‘No!’ the Hulk replies angrily, before wrapping a hand around Wolverine’s neck and threatening to tear his head off, when, suddenly, the Hulk is forced to release Wolverine when he is attacked by the combined might of both world’s Hyperion‘s, the Ultimate’s Thor and the X-Men’s Storm. ‘MONSTER!’ shouts Thor, exclaiming that although this day began with all sides against each other, there is none among them who does not see the Hulk as the greater threat.  Suddenly, the aptly named Thing of the Fantastic Four lunges at the Hulk with some large metal beam, exclaiming that this whole thing started because of him when Mr. Fantastic went looking for a cure to return him to his old self, but it wound up messing with this whole planet. ‘The least I could do is keep you from making it any worse!’ the Thing tells the Hulk as he pummels him with the large beam.  ‘Hulk knows you!’ the dim-witted monster replies as he grabs the beam and squashed it. Calling the Thing a monster, he exclaims ‘Monster just like Hulk’ before boasting that he, the Hulk, is the strongest there is. The strong beings clash again, with the Thing remarking ‘You may think you’re stronger than me - and maybe you are. But I got something you ain’t never gonna have. Heart!’ the Thing boasts. But the Hulk just laughs in his face and smashes the ground, sending shockwaves rippling. ‘Hulk eat Thing’s heart!’ the Hulk shouts.  Spider-Man swings down on his webbing, exclaiming that “Hulkie” said the magic words. ‘Nobody’s eating anything on my watch!’ Spider-Man boasts, while admitting that he is not exactly sure what he is going to do about it though. From no where, literally, Thing’s teammate the Invisible Woman materializes, telling Spider-Man to blind the Hulk. ‘Who said that…whoa!’ Spider-Man exclaims as he turns to the Invisible Woman, who, after Spider-Man mumbles ‘Hellllo, Betty!’, asks if he is actually flirting with her. ‘What? Who? Me? What?’ Spider-Man replies unconvincingly, to which the Invisible Woman orders Spider-Man to blind the Hulk, then she will bubble him. ‘You got it, gorgeous!’ Spider-Man replies as he fires webbing in the Hulk’s eyes, followed instantly by a well-crafted invisible force field around his face, the Hulk exclaims that he cannot breathe. ‘Say good night, pal!’ the Thing exclaims as he comes up behind the Thing and smacks him over, hard, rendering him unconscious.  Finally, the Scarlet Witch, Arcanna “Moonglow” Jones of Earth-S and this world’s Arcanna combine their immense powers. ‘Back all things go!’ they each exclaim, and as the energies flow, the Squadron Supreme of Earth S - Hyperion, Power Princess, Nighthawk, Doctor Spectrum, Amphibian, Whizzer, Skymax, Skylark, Shape and Arcanna herself - are all seemingly transported back to Earth 712.  Following that, the heroes of the Ultimate Universe - Wolverine, Cyclops, Storm, Scarlet Witch, Quicksilver, Captain America, Thor, Iron Man, the Wasp, Spider-Man, Invisible Woman, Mr. Fantastic, Thing and Human Torch - all gather. Captain America addresses Hyperion, pointing out that they have now fought against and beside each other. ‘Given what we’ve learned, you’ve for to now admit we - and Reed Richards - are not responsible for the destruction of your Earth’. Cap exclaims.  Hyperion stands with his Squadron Supreme - Power Princess, Arcanna, Blur, Doctor Spectrum, Nighthawk, Tom Thumb and Kingsley - and exclaims ‘I only know this. You wish to blame your “Doctor Doom” for our planet’s ills. But, he was apparently little more than a tool. If not Doom, if not Reed Richards, then who should ay for the death of millions?’ he asks. Spider-Man begins fake coughing, while muttering ‘Fury’.  Up in the air, inside the Helicarrier, Nick Fury of SHIELD is watching what transpires below on a monitor as Spider-Man informs everyone else that Fury brought in Doom. ‘Who knows who else he dealt with, the schemer!’ Spider-Man remarks, while Fury curses, and snaps that Spider-Man is dead. Suddenly, Shadowcat of the X-Men phases into the chamber, exclaiming that she happens to like Spider-Man.  ‘He told me to keep an eye on you. And gee, aren’t you screwed’ she exclaims. Fury points at the young mutant, ‘Not today’ he tells her, claiming that there are seventeen ways he can spin this, when suddenly, some sort of malleable oozes around Fury, then engulfs him. ‘Spin that, Fury!’ Shadowcat exclaims, as Fury struggles inside the Shape. Shadowcat turns to the odd hero and tells him that he is kinda cute when a girl gets to know him, before declaring that it is time for Mister Fury to go to Washington.  Shortly, Doctor Spectrum holds a firm grasp on Fury with his powers while the heroes confront him. Fury tells them that they are making an enormous mistake, claiming that if they take him out of the equation, then they are taking away the safety valve. ‘There are things. Secret things. Things you know nothing about! Do not do this!’ Fury shouts. But Thor tells him not to waste his breath or time. ‘A traitor’s words always fall on deaf ears’ he remarks.  Captain America tells Hyperion to consider Fury a down payment, assuring him that when and if they locate Doctor Doom, they will get word to the Squadron. Hyperion replies that, given the strength of their military industrial complex, Fury would have risen here to even greater heights than on the Ultimates’ home world.  Nighthawk remarks that there is something that doesn’t make sense, pointing out that if none of them knew that they all existed here in this world, then how could Fury be part of a conspiracy that ultimately destroyed their planet? Mr. Fantastic informs everyone that Doom had help. ‘Using my probe, your man contacted him in our universe’. Mr Fantastic motions to Emil Burbank, introducing him as a megalomaniac, and more importantly, co-conspirator. The well-dressed scientist exclaims ‘You can’t do this to me! My planet needs me to protect it from all of you!’.  Hyperion frowns and assures everyone that Burbank will be dealt with severely, adding that however this “virus” was created, Burbank will resolve it for them, before asking Captain America what assurances he can have that this will never happen from his universe again. Power Princess remarks that they have none which have teeth, and announces that she will return with ‘These…Ultimates’ to learn about their Earth and ensure that they make no move against this world again. Power Princess and Hyperion kiss passionately, and Zarda tells Mark that she will return to him someday. ‘You’d better’ is all Hyperion replies.  Later, inside the Triskelion, SHIELD headquarters, New York City, the Ultimate Universe. Captain America informs Iron Man that the Hulk is back in his box, and officials are already talking about having Carol Danvers taking over SHIELD. Cap admits that he never trusted Fury, even back in the day. ‘Meh. He was useful at the start’ replies Iron Man, remarking that they really are on their own now, and adding that he had most of the furniture moved over to his place.  Noticing Captain America staring out the window, Iron Man asks him what is going on, ‘You’re even more inside your head than usual…if that’s possible?’. Cap replies that it’s Wanda. ‘Did you have any idea she has that kind of power?’ he asks, ‘I mean, to pull an entire group of super-powered individuals from another universe…’ his voice trails off, while Iron Man, helmet off, grins and holds up his martini, ‘It’s kinda hot’ he remarks, before admitting that if Wanda wasn’t so into her brother, he would take a crack at her. ‘You’re suck a jackass’ Captain America tells him. ‘Yeah, I know’ Iron Man replies.  Meanwhile, inside the Baxter Building, home of the Fantastic Four, Mr Fantastic tells the Thing that Doctor Storm says the roof will be repaired in another week. ‘I told him I’d event something to sell so we can pay for it’ he remarks. The Thing sits in darkness while Reed stands at the doorway and replies that he supposes everything will be good as new then. He tells Reed that his skin - or whatever this turtle shell is - grew back, so that piece that got knocked off is like it was never lost. ‘I can look forward to this handsomeness for a long time’ the Thing mutters sarcastically.  Reed begins to say that he promises to find a way, but the Thing interrupts him, ‘Don’t say it’ he declares. ‘Last time ya made that promise ya wrecked at least three universes. Besides, I knocked down the Hulk. I’m gonna be the idol of millions’. The Thing asks Reed to leave him, as he needs to get some beauty sleep. Reed goes, while the Thing looks at a photo of himself and Reed, back in the day, before their transformations, and cries. 