370 KM NNE, Vancouver, BC: In the Canadian wilderness, a bear hunts for salmon in the Okanagan valley. As the bear catches a fish and prepares to eat, he hears a crack, and roars with rage as he sees a hairy beast approach. The beast swats the bear, and the bear lurches away in pain. The creature takes the fish and wanders back into the wilderness. As all this happens, Sabretooth and two associates, Bowen and Peary, watch the creature from afar. Bowen complains that he can’t see anything, to which Sabretooth replies, “You don’t have my eyes.” Peary moves forward to line up a shot, but Sabretooth grabs her and tells her not to move again until he says so, lest he pop the eyes out of her pretty head. Sabretooth rushes into the woods, and Bowen checks to see if Peary is okay. Peary complains that the sooner they bag the Native, the sooner Creed will be out of their lives. Sabretooth hears this and sneaks up behind, telling them to stay quiet and stop whining. As Sabretooth leads the two to a clearing for an open shot, the Native continues to eat. Sabretooth gives the order, and Bowen and Peary fire their tranquilizer guns. The Native howls, and collapses from the serum. Sabretooth tells the group to ready the restraints, and they cross the river on foot, with Bowen complaining about the cold. As the two try to clap the restraints on the Native, they are surprised that it isn’t an animal. It wakes up suddenly, eviscerating both of them. Sabretooth rushes to attack, but is met by a fury of claws, ripping his face open. The Native knocks Creed down, and circles for the kill. As Sabretooth prepares to attack again, the Native slices him viciously and knocks him out. The Native runs into the woods again. Creed wakes up some time later, and claims, with a grin, “This is gonna be harder than I thought.”  Portland, OR: Wolverine quietly wakes up in Cassie Lathrop’s bed, and leaves in the middle of the night on his motorcycle. He speeds through the Interstate in Oregon toward Montana, but a deer is standing on the highway, and Logan is thrown from the bike into a tree in an attempt to swerve out of the way. Logan picks the branches out of his flesh and gets up, but his bike is badly damaged. He pulls out a cigar from his pocket, but it is squashed. He begins the 35 mile walk to the nearest station. Seattle, WA: An executive berates Creed for reporting that he completely failed his mission. Sabretooth says that he found the creature, and that is what he was paid for. Sabretooth accuses the man of sending him into the wild with two “company humps” without the whole briefing. “That thing of yours almost killed me!” Victor screams. The man says that it takes more than a few scratches to kill him, at which Creed erupts: “That’s not the point!” The two men stare each other down. Another man walks into the room, and tells Victor that the man, Mr. Willoughby, misspoke. Peary and Bowen were expendable, and Victor’s information that the Native is alive and thriving is valuable. The man tells Willoughby to pay Creed. The man goes on to say that it wasn’t the success he was looking for: he wants the Native captured. Now, he says, it will be much harder to capture it. He tells Creed that he is still the best man for the job, to which Creed replies: “Nah. I can find someone better.” Montana: Wolverine orders coffee and pie at a diner. He listens to two old men talking about Bigfoot at the bar. One man insists that he’s seen Bigfoot and believes him to be a mutant, back in Canada in 1992. The other old man laughs it off. Wolverine catches a scent, as Sabretooth walks into the restaurant.  Sabretooth goads Wolverine: “I knew they served roadkill in here… but I didn’t think they’d serve roadkill in here.” Sabretooth eats Logan’s pie, calling him “American” for getting the apple pie. Victor asks Wolverine is he’s too scared of him to talk. Victor asks Logan if he has anything to say to his old pal Victor. Logan does: “Start running.” Sabretooth says that he’s never run from anything in his life, and Wolverine won’t be the one to change it. They stare each other down, and Victor finally laughs. He reaches into his coat, and Wolverine draws his claws under the table. Sabretooth pulls out a file folder, saying that it will interest Logan. The envelope is labeled “TOP SECRET: Soft Vector Weapon Deployment.” The file is a description of the Native, complete with photos. It is apparently a failed Weapon X experiment. Sabretooth tells him that the Native is the “one that got away.” “The hunt is on.” 