Reading a newspaper article on the Submariner, Xavier wonders if Namor might be a mutant too. Magneto in a new headquarters on an island does the same. He disputes with the Toad about adding Namor’s might to the Brotherhood as suddenly Cyclops appears on the scene. Without hesitation Magneto grabs a blaster and fires but instead of hitting the foe the shot passes right through him, since it was only Mastermind practicing his powers. Quicksilver rushes to push the Scarlet Witch out of the firing line just in time. After hitting Mastermind for daring to use his illusions on his leader, Magneto attempts to contact Namor through his astral form. In Westchester Xavier observes the X-Men’s training and then also projects his astral self to search for Namor, yet as he enters the ocean he senses the nearby presence of Magneto and decides to remain hidden. Magneto‘s consciousness has reaches Namor’s undersea palace and after witnessing one of Namor’s outbursts he chooses not to confront him directly. Instead Magneto approaches one of Namor’s greedy followers and makes a deal with him. The Atlantean has to bring Namor a message from Magneto and if all plays out well, Namor joins the Brotherhood and the Atlantean might rule the kingdom instead. Back at the mansion, Xavier fills in the X-Men. He mentally followed Magneto and knows about the attempt to make Namor join the Brotherhood and he also located the Brotherhood’s new island headquarters. The X-Men board a ship and head for this island. Meanwhile Namor is talked into meeting with Magneto by his follower. Namor is impressed by how everything in the base is run using Magneto’s magnetic energy which is then amplified by a giant magnet at the island’s center. As the X-Men arrive a battle starts, Magneto uses his power to destroy their ship , but they make it to the shore using iceconstructs. Recognizing the giant magnet as his power source, Cyclops wants to destroy it and so Magneto sends Quicksilver to attack him, while the rest of the Brotherhood hide inside the base in a secured area. There Magneto prepares a major energy release off his construct to deal with the X-Men, but at the same time the X-Men defeat and capture the speedster. Wanda fears for her brother’s safety and as usual Magneto is annoyed and yells at her; this causes Namor to see what kind of man he allied himself with. He destoys Magneto’s machinery and starts to fight him. As the X-Men break into the lab Magneto, Mastertmind and the Toad run away, leaving Wanda and the Submariner. The witch demands to see her brother and since the X-Men don’t comply the Submariner now starts to fight them, but the battle ends when Propfessor X presents the captive Pietro who is held under mental control. Namor has had enough of the fighting. He can’t deny a certain attraction to the beauty of the Scarlet Witch but his crush on another surface woman (Invisible Girl of the Fantastic Four) taught him that this will only leave him vulnerable, so he simply wants to leave and go back to his kingdom. Meanwhile Magneto has empowered the giant magnet again and since he knows that Namor has too much of an attitude to control him he wants to kill him. The Submariner is hit by waves of pure magnetism pushing him to the ground but with his strength he perpetualy hammers on the ground till the huge magnet construct is shattered. The X-Men observe as Namor returns to the sea and the Brotherhood gets away in one of their aircrafts. 