The unstoppable Juggernaut has broken into the mansion and after tossing the X-Men aside he now stands in front of Professor Xavier. He says that it took years to dig himself out of tons of stone in Korea, but during the time he kept thinking about getting even with his stepbrother. Even without moving, his transformed body emits such a strong aura of force that Xavier’s wheelchair is pushed backwards to a wall. As Cain Marko tries to hit him the professor uses his last defense, his own telepathy, but without effect; the Juggernaut reveals that the transformation equipped him with his costume and the strange helmet that shields his mind from any mental attack. Marvel Girl and Cyclops step in to protect their mentor, Jean lifts the Juggernaut into the air while Scott blasts a deep hole under him. Then the telekinetic lets go of the villain and he falls down, buying the team more time to think about a strategy that might deal with this threat. Quickly Xavier, Beast, Iceman and Marvel Girl rush to the labs to assemble the parts of the mento-helmet, one of Xavier’s secret projects. Once completed the professor uses the apparatus to amplify his own power and also it provides him with enough secondary energy to send mental distress waves to New York. Meanwhile Angel and Cyclops are guarding the hole where deep below the Juggernaut punches himself hand- and footholes to climb out. As he becomes aware of the approaching villain Scott fires his optic beams down the hole, but the Juggernaut simply digs a second tunnel and crashes through the floor at another point. Both mutants then attack the villain but they know that all they can do is delay him a little bit. In New York Xavier’s mental impulses are received by various radio transmitters even if they are switched off. The crew of a plane and the Teen Brigade both pick up the distress call, but don’t know what to make of it. Also Daredevil’s hypersenses let him “hear“ the message, yet as lawyer Matt Murdock he is busy with a trial and can not investigate. Xavier also makes mental contact with the Fantastic Four’s Human Torch. Johnny is at a nearby garage checking a racing car as he receives the mental message; yet with Reed and Sue soon to be wed the FF have been expecting all kinds of attacks and so the Torch is not sure about the message’s authenticity. In the mansion Bobby and Hank join the battle while Jean alone guards the professor in his lab. The Juggernaut is able to grab the Angel and throws him into Cyclops‘ optic beam rendering him unconscious. Iceman encases the villain in a huge block of ice, but the Juggernaut smashes through. Bobby is hit by a large chunk of his own ice construct and passes out. Since Scott overexhausted his optic beams the Beast is the last one still able to fight. He annoys Cain Marko with hopping and jumping around till he, guided by Xavier, attempts to remove the Juggernaut‘s helmet. Unfortunately the villain grabs Hank’s foot before he can complete his task. With his leg sprained, the Beast can only walk on his hands, still he is able to lure the Juggernaut into the Danger Room. After he activates the control panel the various devices start to attack the Juggernaut and keep him busy, in the end though, the villain is able to stop a ten ton steel barrel hurled at him and rolls it back towards Hank. Due to his injury the Beast can’t leap to safety and is hit, rendering him unconscious too. In the meantime Xavier has again established mental contact with Johnny Storm and convinced him that there really is a danger to be dealt with. Immediatly the Torch heads towards Salem Center. With nobody preventing him any longer the Juggernaut steps into Xavier’s lab. Marvel Girl lifts him once more into the air till the Human Torch arrives and uses his flames on the unstoppable villain, but he too can’t beat him. Xavier telepathically wakes up the Angel and orders the Torch to distract the foe a little longer by dazzling him with a sudden flame at peak intensity. The Angel starts to circle around the temporarily blinded Juggernaut and suddenly removes his helmet that had been loosened by the Beast before. Now with his head exposed Cain Marko is vulnerable to the Professor’s telepathy. The Human Torch is very impressed, both by the Angel’s maneuverability and Xavier‘s mental powers, still the professor erases his memory to ensure that the location of his mansion stays secret. A few days later all male X-Men are seen lying in bed, recovering from their injuries, while Jean is taking care of them. 