The issue opens with Cable, Feral, Cannonball, Boom-Boom and Warpath trudging through the sewers. Warpath is carrying both Sauron and Thornn over his shoulders. They are on their way to find the Morlocks. Cable wants to leave them a very important message. When they finally find them, Cable yells out that their leader, Masque, is dead. He shows them all Masque’s cape and tells them that although he does not blame them for what happened, they better never mess with X-Force again. He shows them Sauron’s lifeless body and Thornn all chained up. He tells them about Cannonball and his return to life. Finally he gives them an ultimatum, they can work with him or die against him. He then throws Sauron’s body over to them. Before Feral lets Thornn go, she warns her sister that it isn’t over between them. Thornn is more than willing to fight her again. Cable has to yell for Feral to let her go. Now that their business is concluded, the X-Force team leaves. At X-Force’s headquarters, Shatterstar is in the Danger Room battling a bunch of robots. Up in the control room we find Deadpool. He’s thinking to himself how much he would like to fight Shatterstar even though it isn’t part of his mission. Siryn is lying unconscious at his feet, beaten up by Deadpool off panel. He decides to go for it and jumps through the glass of the control room. He delivers a swift kick to ‘Star’s face. Shatterstar reminds him of the last time they fought and how they took Deadpool out. This makes him mad and he tells Shatterstar that he’s going to kill him. Deadpool easily evades his punches and lands one of his own in ‘Star’s gut. This takes Shatterstar out of the fight, but Deadpool doesn’t kill him. Instead, he runs off in search of Domino. We see Domino in the computer room looking up files on the X-Force members. At the moment Deadpool walks in she’s looking up Siryn. He grabs her from behind and slams her head into the key panel. She asks who it is and ‘Pool tells her that it’s her old boyfriend. It turns out that Domino was really Vanessa a.k.a. Copycat, the whole time X-Force was a team. She gets in a good kick and tries to run away. Deadpool snags her with a whip-like cord. He wants to know why she hasn’t reported in to Tolliver. She answers him with a kick to the jaw. She tries to run away again, but Deadpool is able to grab her ankle. He swings her hard into a wall. Now he wants to know if she’s falling for Cable, but she won’t answer. They fight some more and eventually Deadpool lays her out. He reminds her that upsetting Tolliver is a very bad thing. He throws a blade at the ground to symbolize what would happen if she doesn’t do her job. He tells her that if he has to come back to tell her again, he won’t go as easy on her. Inside the SHIELD Helicarrier, Bridge is receiving a transmission call from Kane. He tells Bridge all about his recent encounter with the MLF and how he thinks that Cable is their leader. He doesn’t want to ignore the past anymore. He doesn’t want to ignore what Cable did to Six Pack (or Wild Pack as they were called before) in the past. Bridge doesn’t know what to make of it. Why would he be running both groups? Kane tells him that in order to get the answers, they need to bring Cable in. Bridge wants to know if SHIELD should be brought in, but Kane tells him that Department K has it all under control. They’re sending in Weapon PRIME, which now consists of Kane, Yeti, Tigerstryke and Rictor. Inside a castle in Austria, Tolliver and his servant Pico are walking down a spiral set of stairs. Tolliver wants to check on a houseguest of his. As he’s talking to the mysteriously shadowed prisoner, it is revealed that she has been captive there for over a year. He tells her that pretty soon nobody will remember anything of the Six Pack, X-Force, Cable or Domino. He starts laughing and that is when it is revealed that Domino is the captive. 