First story : Warpath asks Siryn what the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants is all about. Toad answers for her. He says that they are a group of mutants who aspire to Brotherhood and are evil by desire. He then proceeds to tell them they will be dead before the day is done. Up in the air, Shatterstar is struggling with Sauron. Sauron tries to get Shatterstar to look into his eyes so he can hypnotize him. Instead, Shatterstar cuts him up with one of his swords. Sauron drops ‘Star and he falls towards a tree. He grabs a branch and swings safely on the ground. He runs off in search of a weapon that could take out the highflying Sauron. Nearby, Phantazia, Masque and Thornn are looking for the hidden entrance to X-Force’s Headquarters. Masque finds it and Phantazia overrides the system. The entrance door swings open and they enter. Masque hits the light switch and they see that they are in the Hangar Deck. They’re amazed at all the technology that X-Force has. Thornn suggests that they start planting the explosives before they get busted. Suddenly, warning shots buzz by their heads. They turn around to see Cable, Domino, Cannonball, Boom-Boom and Feral ready for them. Cable yells to Masque that he’s tired of him sneaking around his bases’ and he is as good as dead. Outside, Warpath and Blob are fighting, so are Siryn and Pyro. Siryn fires a sonic scream at Pyro’s throat and knocks him down. Toad comes in and tackles her. Toad showcases his new ability to secrete green fluid from his hands that could seal her mouth closed. All of a sudden he’s hit from behind from a plasma burst. It turns out that Shatterstar has found his weapon. He tells Siryn that he wants to go after Sauron. Warpath joins them in their search as he has just defeated Blob. Inside, Phantazia is disrupting Cable’s weapons so he tells Feral to attack. She goes right for her sister, Thornn. Thornn hits the light switch and everyone is left in the dark. Thornn and Feral are at each other’s throats. Cable is trying to shoot Phantazia, but his guns still won’t work. Cannonball comes flying in at her and as he goes right through her she disrupts his blast field and it starts to malfunction. Cable yells for a retreat topside. Boom-Boom wants to know what happened to Sam, but Cable makes her leave. Cable yells for Feral to come, but she wants to stay and fight Thornn. She and Thornn are really going at it now. Thornn gets Feral with a good one across the chest. Then she picks her up by her throat and chokes her to unconsciousness. She wonders to herself if she should kill her sister. Outside, Sauron is evading ‘Star’s gunfire. He lands near the secret entrance to the Hangar Bay. Cannonball is coming out the hatch at full speed. He’s unsure whether to engage Sauron because his blast field is out of whack. As he comes into contact with Sauron, he is impaled straight through his back. He stops breathing, much to dismay of the newly arrived Cable and Boom-Boom. Second Story : Weapon X is out in a snow-filled wooded area of Canada. He got a call about a smuggling operation from the States. He comes to a house and scans six men inside. He busts down the wall and takes care of the six goons with ease. He goes to check on the merchandise and is double whacked by Forearm. He looks up from the floor and finds Forearm, Sumo, and Wildside standing there. He wonders what he has gotten himself into now ? 