Nighttime, outside X-Force’s headquarters, we find Weapon PRIME scaling the mountainside. They near the entrance and Bridge attempts to override the security system. Inside the complex, X-Force is loading up their jet with supplies. Bridge sets the timer on the entrance and blows up the doorway. Now that they have a way in, PRIME gets moving. Cable yells for his group to get ready for an attack. Cable tells Sam to take over leading the group. He tells him he has things to do. He runs away much to Bridge’s dismay. The individual battles are as follows: Weapon X is matched up with Shatterstar. Siryn is against Tigerstryke. Warpath is pitted against Grizzly. Feral wants Yeti and Boom-Boom takes on Rictor. Boom-Boom wants to know why Rictor would join up with Weapon PRIME. He tells her he wants Cable brought to justice. When she tells him that she’s not going to give him up, he knocks her over with a seismic wave. Cannonball comes flying in and knocks him down. Rictor tries to get them to see his side of things and manages to get both Boom-Boom and Cannonball to question what they’re doing. Elsewhere in the base, Cable is telling his computer, Professor, to hardware slide all of the technology out of the base. He also wants the explosive charges they set around the base earlier, to be voice-activated. He then runs off to join the fight. Back at the fight, Weapon PRIME isn’t doing so well. Bridge tells X-Force that they should never have trusted Cable now that he has abandoned the team. Suddenly, a volley of gunfire takes Bridge out. Cable has come back to finish the battle. Meanwhile, at an Ophrah industries research facility in New Mexico, Gideon is walking down a hall with some armed guards and a scientist he refers to as Mr. Joshua. Gideon wants to know how the experiment is going. Mr. Joshua tells him that he’s unsure what will happen. If the experiment fails, then Roberto could die. That’s when we see Sunspot hooked up to a machine that is shooting off some kind of electricity through him. He’s screaming in agony. Back in the Adirondack mountain region, the fight continues. Cable fires another shot at Bridge and this time, hits him in the shoulder. Cable tells Bridge that it’s over. Nearby, ‘Star and Kane are still fighting. Shatterstar slices off his robotic arm with one of his swords. Kane uses his stump to electrocute him. At the same time, Warpath takes Grizzly out. Also, Feral claws up Yeti to end her fight. Bridge is slumped down in a corner. He feels sorry for X-Force because they have become like Cable. Cable tells him to stop the insults, the battle is over and they won. Cable walks over to Copycat and tells her that they have to get out of there. He wants to go after Tolliver. Copycat is concerned for the injured Bridge and Kane. Cable tells her that he called SHIELD medivac and they should be there soon. The final battle, between Siryn and Tigerstryke, is finished when she short-circuits his suit with her sonic scream. Cable is very impressed with how they handled themselves. Copycat suggests that they evacuate as soon as possible. No sooner said than the place starts collapsing. Some of the charges went off early. They have 30 seconds until the main detonation occurs. Cable grabs Copycat and starts running. He wonders how the charges could have activated without his voice command. Cannonball starts yelling for everyone to get near him, including Weapon PRIME. He’s going to expand his blast field to protect everyone when the place explodes… and it does. Saradegna, Italy: Back at Tolliver’s place, he’s watching a news broadcast of the explosion. The news people have no idea what caused the explosion. Nobody has been found dead at the scene as of yet. Pico and Domino are with him as well. However, she’s bound up in restraints. Pico and Tolliver toast to the death of Cable. It turns out that Copycat had placed some override triggers on all the explosives. It was actually Tolliver who blew the place up. 