(Somewhere in Europe: 11:00 p.m.) Deadpool teleports into a room with Black Tom and Juggernaut in hand. It turns out to be Tolliver’s place. ‘Pool tells the boss that he gotthe goods as promised. Juggernaut doesn’t know who Deadpool is, but thanks him anyway for getting them out of the sticky situation they were in. He requests a doctor for Tom and Tolliver assures him that he will get a very special doctor. With an evil grin on his face, he says they’ll have to pay the price, for services rendered. (Manhattan: 6:44 p.m. 3 days later) Dr. Karl Lykos is walking back to his apartment with some groceries. He plans on making dinner for his girlfriend, Tanya Anderssen. He’s pretty happy these days, being human and enjoying life. His happiness quickly fades, however, when he opens the door to his apartment and finds Tanya in the clutches of Toad with Blob right behind him. Toad’s only request, Lykos’ soul. Toad gives Blob the cue and he grabs Lykos. Doc has no idea who these men are so Toad makes the introductions. He explains that he wants to start up a new faction of mutants who are intent on dominating the homo sapiens of the world. He wants Lykos to join the new Brotherhood of Evil Mutants. Over at the X-Force base Cannonball, Boom-Boom, Cable, and Domino are watching the news. It’s an interview featuring Gideon and his thoughts on the World Trade Center situation. He blatantly says that he believes Cable to have masterminded the whole situation. He calls for Cable and his X-Force team to be stopped. None of the X-Forcers are pleased with the broadcast. They can’t believe that Sunspot would join up with this man, Gideon. They’re also afraid that Bridge will be after them even more. Boom-Boom wants to know what the next move is going to be to clear their name. Domino says that maybe the reputation would help them against their opponents. Sam and Tabitha don’t understand. They don’t want to be branded as outlaws. Cable tells them that they knew what they were getting into when they signed up. He tells them to trust him. Sam becomes furious and wants to know why they should trust him after all that’s been happening. Cable agrees that he hasn’t proven himself trustworthy, but he wants to know if both of them want to stay on X-Force. Both Cannonball and Boom-Boom agree to stay, at least for now. Outside, Warpath is running through the forest, thinking about all the Native Americans who fell before him. He wants to avenge his people’s deaths and he decides that if X-Force won’t help him, he’ll do it by himself. In the Danger Room, Shatterstar is exercising his skills. Feral watches from a distance. She doesn’t know what to make of him. He finishes his training and is startled to see Feral watching him. She comes on to him, calling him “Shatty-Buns” and propositioning him to another “wrestling match”. He tells her he doesn’t want to fight her and she replies, “Who said anything about fighting.” Meanwhile, Siryn is up in the Danger Room Control area. Cable walks in and asks her what she wants to do. She wants to know if she can stay with the team for a while, until everything calms down. Cable thinks that would be a good thing. He welcomes her to X-Force. He warns her that it's going to be tough being associated with X-Force. She tells him that she can handle it. (Washington D.C.: offices of the Commission of Superhuman Activities) G.W. Bridge, Nick Fury, Henry Gyrich, and Val Cooper are having a meeting on what to do about Cable. Henry wants to sanction him, but G.W. won’t hear of it. Nick wants to know why X-Factor can’t be brought in on this. Gyrich says that the new team isn’t ready yet. He then asks Bridge if his closeness with Cable in the past has anything to do with his reluctance to take him down. Val assures him that is not the case. Then Bridge talks about his plans involving old associates of Cable, like Weapon X, and bringing them into the picture. Gyrich is fed up with this situation. He announces that Project Wideawake is ready to go back on-line and that Cable is going down. (Manhattan: abandoned warehouse) Lykos and Tanya are locked up in metal restraints, pinned against the wall. He wants to know why Toad and Blob are doing this. Toad tells him that he wants Sauron back. Lykos says the only way that could happen is if someone’s life essence is drained into him. Toad boasts that he knew that, that’s why he brought along his girlfriend, she will be the sacrifice. He yells for them to stop, but his words go unheeded. Toad activates the machine. The room fills with green electricity. After the process is complete, Toad asks Dr. Lykos if he is all right. He emerges and says that Karl Lykos is no more, Sauron has returned! Toad and Blob are pleased. Tanya Anderssen is no more. 