(Caracas, Venezuela: safe house for the MLF) Stryfe is sitting at his throne and Zero is at his side. He talks about how people must be laughing at him right now. After all, his best plains have been undone, time and time again. He knows better though. He goes on to insult other characters on the playing field. He says that Gideon is a fool, Cable is a failure, and that Xavier and Magneto are not working at their full potential. He says to let them laugh. He knows what’s coming ahead. He takes off his helmet and we see that his left eye is just like Cable’s right eye. As a matter of fact, his whole face looks like Cable’s. He will be the last one laughing. (Manhattan, New York) We see the high buildings of Manhattan and the sewer tunnels below. Toad is attempting to strike an alliance with Masque and the Morlocks. Here we are introduced to the remaining members of the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants, Pyro and Phantazia. Masque is uncertain whether to agree to the alliance. The Morlock Thornn joins the debate. She agrees with Toad and believes that they should get what they deserve by force. She suggests they start off by going after the escaped Morlock, Feral (member of X-Force). Masque, after listening to Thornn, agrees to the alliance. Toad happily accepts the truce. As an act of good faith on the Brotherhood’s part, their next move will be to go after X-Force. (Adirondack Mountains: Headquarters of X-Force) Cable and Domino are taking a bath together. Domino wants to know what the kids would think if they knew that Cable was getting most of his hardware from Advanced Idea Mechanics (A.I.M.). He says he doesn’t care. So Domino asks him if he thought about telling Sam and Tabitha the truth about his past. He says he’s thought about it, but doesn’t think they’re ready yet. Domino assures him that he must tell them the truth eventually. In the mess hall, Sam and Tabitha are making food. Feral comes crawling in. Tabitha goes towards her and starts yelling at her for almost killing Sam a few issues ago. She tells her that she doesn’t trust her and never will. Feral starts to get angry. Boom-Boom walks away and tells her not to forget what she said. Feral growls that Boom-Boom made a big mistake insulting her and she’ll find out soon how big. Outside, Shatterstar has asked Warpath to battle him one-on-one. He thinks it will be better than any Danger Room simulations. Siryn is also there to make sure it doesn’t get out of control. They start the match and Warpath decks Shatterstar. Warpath asks ‘Star to put down his swords, but he says no, they are a part of him in battle. So Warpath decks him again. Shatterstar comes back with a few shots of his own. Warpath, however, gets the final blow. Siryn calls the match. Warpath suggests to Shatterstar that he stop fighting like it’s for entertainment (like he did in his home world), he would do much better. Out of the blue arrive the Brotherhood. Pyro snags Siryn. Warpath and Shatterstar go into attack mode. Siryn wants to know how they found them. Toad tells her that it was the very resourceful Morlocks. Siryn distracts Pyro and flips him over. Toad yells for Sauron to get Shatterstar. Sauron swoops down and snags him. Blob, Pyro, and Toad corner the remaining members of X-Force, Siryn and Warpath, intent on showing them what the new Brotherhood is all about! 