Warpath, Feral, Shatterstar, and Spider-Man are poised to take on the Juggernaut. They’re pretty tired from previous battles in the day so Spider-Man tells them to all dog pile on the ironclad giant. Spidey is witty as ever as he leaps on top of Juggernaut’s shoulders. He shoots some webbing in Juggy’s eyes, but he just rips it off and knocks Spider-Man aside. Domino joins the fracas and takes over leadership. She tells Warpath to perform the good old Fastball Special courtesy of Shatterstar. Juggernaut scoffs at them, but isn’t too happy as Shatterstar flies at him and cuts him up with his swords. Inside the ravaged World Trade Center, Cable searches for Black Tom while Cannonball and Boom Boom look for survivors. Cable gives Tom another ultimatum, “Give up and die or make me come after you to kill you”. Tom Cassidy has other ideas on his mind. He appears behind Cable and threatens to fry him with his mutant energy blast. Cable wants to know what he expected to get out of all of this. Tom says three things: 1.Get Cain Marko back  2. Prove he’s willing to back his threats with actions  3. To see one of the X-Teams eliminated Now they’re in a standoff. They both start shooting at each other. Black Tom falls into an elevator shaft and grabs onto a cable to stop his fall. He surrenders and tells Cable to pull him up. Cable’s reply is a gunshot to the mouth. Tom starts falling down the shaft. Deadpool snags him on the way down. He tells Black Tom that Tolliver has hired him to bring him to him. Back on the ground, Siryn has joined the battle against Juggernaut. The scene cuts to a helicopter flying nearby. Bridge is onboard with another soldier named Balaban. They are recording everything that X-Force is saying so that they have a better chance of bringing Cable down. Over at the battle royale, Warpath is taking a beating from Juggernaut. Siryn flies in and rips of Jugg’s helmet. Juggernaut is stunned because his armor is mystically bonded together. He had no idea how Siryn could have ripped his helmet off. Shatterstar explains to him that his swords were forged in a dimension of magic and science and were able to sever the mystical bond of his armor. Juggernaut is really angry now. He wants to take them all on. Just then, Cable shows up and tells Juggs that he “took care” of Tom Cassidy. Before Cain has time to react, Deadpool grabs his leg and teleports him away. Bridge shows up with Balaban and attempts to arrest Cable in the name of S.H.I.E.L.D. Cable doesn’t want to fight anymore so he bodyslides everyone out of there and onto the scout ship (everyone except for Spider-Man of course). On the ship, Sam asks Cable what it is that everyone has against him. He tells Sam he wishes he knew. Cable turns on the after burners and they all head back home. 