Siryn flies towards the World Trade Center in the hopes of bringing her uncle, Black Tom, to justice. She heads to the top of the building and finds Juggernaut hanging around. She goes into attack mode heading straight towards the giant behemoth. Juggernaut belts her a good one and she goes flying backwards. She comes back for another try and her uncle pops out from behind Juggernaut and hits her with his mutant energy blast. Siryn begins plummeting towards the ground. When she rights herself, she sees X-Force’s scout ship above her. Cable hails her and asks her to join them for their own assault on Black Tom and Juggernaut. Inside the World Trade Center Roberto and Gideon are talking amongst themselves. Berto wants to take action against the terrorists, however, Gideon says they should bide their time until there’s a move to make. In walks Black Tom and Juggernaut to check on their hostages. Inside the X-Force scout ship, Cable greets the newly arrived Siryn. Siryn explains how tired she is of people like her Uncle Tom doing evil things every day. Cable assures her that she’s hooked up with the right crew because they’re out to put an end to evil mutants. He quickly goes over the game plan and the attack begins. First up, Warpath. He jumps from the ship onto the top of World Trade Center Building #1. Juggernaut is back up there and takes the diving Warpath head on. The force of Warpath’s inertia knocks them both over the edge of the building. They fall to the street below. In come Cable, Shatterstar, Cannonball, Feral and Domino (Boom Boom is flying the ship). Everyone except for Feral takes out a guard. Cable tells them to keep destruction to a minimum and to clear one floor at a time. Inside, Tom is arguing with Gideon about his hostage strategy. Tom threatens to kill him if he doesn’t shut up. This pushes Gideon to his threshold and he takes action. He tells Berto to follow his lead and dives for Tom. Black Tom fires an energy blast at Gideon and knocks him away clearing a path for Sunspot to take Tom out. Sunspot gets in some good hits, but Black Tom holds his own. Then Cable and Shatterstar show up and Cable shoots Tom in the shoulder. Cable gives Black Tom an ultimatum, but Tom has one of his own. His thumb is on the button of a detonator that will blow up the building. He will do it if he has to, he says. On the ground below, Warpath and Juggernaut are duking it out. In comes NYC's friendly neighborhood web-slinger, Spider-Man. He wanted to see the crisis for himself. He knows there’s nothing he can do about Juggernaut that Warpath isn’t already doing so he decides to check out the hostage situation. That’s when the building explodes. 