First story : It turns out that Cable only succeeded in winging Sauron when he shot him. So now Boom-Boom and Cable are running to the medi-lab with Cable holding Sam in his arms. Sam is bleeding pretty badly. Boom-Boom plays some defense and throws a bunch of time bombs at Sauron to keep him back. He falls down, but Thornn comes flying in to the fray and tackles Boom-Boom. Luckily, Domino shows up as well and delivers a jarring kick to Thornn’s back. Domino tells Thornn to get back up. She wants to know why they came to attack X-Force. Thornn tells her about the partnership between the Brotherhood and the Morlocks. Domino doesn’t understand why they would want to attack other mutants. She is so angry that she roundhouse kicks Thornn in the face and knocks her out. She tells Boom-Boom to go to the medi-lab to help Cable in case someone goes after him. Boom-Boom wants to know what Cable could do; after all, Sam’s dead. Domino tells her that dead doesn’t always mean dead. Cable is in the medi-lab yelling for Sam to get up. He explains out loud that a High Lord’s life doesn’t really begin until he dies. Sam still isn’t moving. Sauron sneaks in there somehow and gets the drop on Cable. He tries to hypnotize him, but Cable only looks at him with his techno-organic eye. He fires three shots from his gun at Sauron. Outside, Warpath, Shatterstar and Siryn are looking to see if any of the Brotherhood remains. Siryn can’t see anyone from the air and the ground crew isn’t having any luck either. Suddenly, Blob pops out and knocks Warpath for a loop. It turns out that Phantazia was scrambling their senses. So ‘Star and Siryn go after Blob. Shatterstar dives at him with his sword ready. He swings his blade across Blob’s face and cuts him pretty good. Blob starts backing up towards the edge of a cliff and jumps off. He did this to escape the X-Force duo. Even though Siryn and ‘Star know he survived the fall, they turn around and go off in search of Phantazia. Near the medi-lab, the newly awakened Feral is having some fun with Sauron. She is scratching and scraping him with her claws. He gets in a good shot himself. Cable comes in from behind and shoots him twice in the back. Then Thornn comes in and jumps on top of Cable. She yells at him for shooting Sauron in the back and claws at his face. He flips her around and she lands on the ground. She looks at his face and is surprised. He tells her he’d do whatever it would take to win a fight. Domino and Boom-Boom come running in and want to know what happened. Cable tells them that he shot Sauron and knocked out Thornn. Boom-Boom asks about Sam and Cable says he’s dead. She’s upset that Cable left them alone in the firefight to try and save an already dead Cannonball. That’s when Masque and Phantazia walk in. Masque has a device and is ready to push the button on it. Cable tells Masque that he is going to kill him. Warpath, Shatterstar and Siryn come walking in. Siryn suggests that he surrender. Phantazia, knowing that the going was getting tough, says it’s time to go. Masque attempts to leave, but Cable tells him that he’s crossed him too many times. He’s already given Masque his final warning. He gives the order for ‘Star to execute him. Shatterstar impales Masque from behind and lifts him up in the air. Warpath wants to know why they would do such a thing. Cable tells him he wanted to make sure that Masque and the Morlocks never bothered them again, especially after what happened to Sam. Right about that time, Sam walks into the room and asks what’s going on.  Second story : Weapon X is fighting with Wildside, Sumo and Forearm. He starts off by kicking Wildside in the face. He goes after Sumo next. He picks him up and throws him at Forearm. He thought this mission would be simple, he thought wrong. Wildside grabs his neck from behind and starts choking him. He tells Kane that he’s going to kill him. Kane swings Wildside around to his front and grabs his throat as well. He fires off his hand and sends Wildside flying. He then removes his now hand-less arm and smacks Forearm with it. Kane hears the sound of Zero’s teleportation power. The three MLFers go running through the portal. Kane doesn’t want them getting away and jumps through as well, but not before reattaching his arm and hand. When he lands on the other side of the portal he finds Stryfe waiting there for him. 