Wolverine has just sliced off the sentient demonic hands of Master Pandemonium, who demands a rematch. Find the kids! he orders his fellow X-Men. Elsewhere, Toad tears and tears at Husk’s skin, praying this is for her own good. The Hellions also battle. Xanto Starblood, along with Broo, flies away in a spaceship bound for Rigel-3. There’ll be plenty of people for him to eat, he promises Broo. Watching this on his screen, Kade is sure after this the Hellfire Club will rule the world. Manuel and Max aim their weapons at his back… Elsewhere, Husk pleads with Toad to stop. He doesn’t. Manuel Enduque and Max Frankenstein fire at Kade Kilgore. Suddenly, Husk is normal-looking once more and asks where they are. This doesn’t look like the Jean Grey School. Relieved, Toad hugs her. Manuel and Max find their weapons didn’t work. Kade scoffs what morons would kill a Kilgore with guns manufactured by Kilgore Arms? Did they really think he didn’t have safeguards in place? He speaks a codeword and the guns fly out of their hands and into his. He trains them at his former comrades… Amidst fighting and fire, Quentin and Idie kiss. He realizes this means she is his girlfriend now, right? Idie states. When he stammers, she realizes he’s never had a girlfriend before. He suggests they talk about this after escaping from crazy murder school.Max and Manuel run from Kade. He calls the Philistine, ordering him to ensure nobody leaves this school alive. Philistine obeys. Elsewhere, Toad, carrying Husk, follows Quentin and Idie. She needs medical attention, he remarks. He fears her pulled too much of her skin off and broke her brain. Quentin telepathically calls their ride. He hopes they won’t mind traveling by Krakoa. Idie asks where Broo is. Rachel telepathically informs Wolverine that Krakoa has found the kids. Tell it to get them the hell out of here, he replies. Quentin tells everyone to grab one of Krakoa’s fingers and hold on. The Philistine materializes in front of them, swords crossed, and announces no one leaves until the Siege has eaten its fill! An energy wall manifests around the school. Kitty finds she can’t phase through it. The kids can’t get out and Philistine has disappeared. Kade shoots his way through to them. Oh look, more people he hates, he announces. He fires his guns at them as Quentin fires his telekinetic gun in return. Epsilon 9 through 12. Clearance: Kade for president, Kade orders and mechanical arms burst from the ground and grab Idie, Quentin and Toad. The Philistine reappears and Kade orders him to throw them all into the Siege. Around the corner, Dog Logan and Wilhelmina witness this. The other Hellions find themselves outside in the water. Sabretooth and Mystique pick them up in a Hellfire vessel and promise them their real schooling begins now. In a spaceship sits Dr. Kilgore along with Broo. Who should they kill first? Starblood muses. So many possibilities. So many people he would love to see dead. He is unaware that a Bamf has stowed away on board. Bamf? he asks questioningly as he peeps up. Broo grabs him and chomps on him. That moment, his head is filled by images. A cloaked hooded figure (along with the Bamf), whose face is hidden tells him it’s time to come back now. The Bamf teleports away. Starblood asks what that brimstone smell is. What is Broo doing back there? He turns around. Why is Broo looking at him like that? Kade gloats over the captured Quentin, Idie and Toad. He gave them all the chance for greatness, he admonishes. Toad mutters he was still mopping floors. Instead, they chose feeble defiance, Kade continues. Maybe once they’ve been shoved face first into the fires of the Siege Perilous, they’ll come out on the other side a bit more agreeable. Idie snarls she’s got her own fire. They’ll see who burns first! Kade orders the Philistine to throw them into the Siege. Suddenly, Wilhelmina pierces him from behind with her rapier. She tells him there was supposed to be only one queen. And he should have told her more often that she was pretty! Kade orders the Philistine to kill them all, but Philistine reveals that he is on Wilhelmina’s side. It wasn’t him the Siege was after. Wilhelmina orders him to do as Kade said. Kill them all like a sack full of puppies! He promises the Siege will see it done as he and she step into it. Manuel mutters they just got out-schemed by the world’s craziest twelve-year-old pageant queen. As the Siege’s energies begin to swirl Max remarks they won’t have to live with the failure for long. The Siege is gonna blow! Manuel shouts and asks Kade how to stop it. Shocked, Kade replies his father never hugged him. He thinks he’d like a hug before he dies. Fat chance of that, Quentin announces and slugs him, admitting that felt good. Idie points out they are still about to die. Should they kiss each other again? He could think of worse ways to go. The X-Men and Bamfs drop down through the hole in the roof. Wolverine orders everyone to grab a Bamf. He offers a hand to Dog, asking him to come. Never! his half-brother replies. He grabs Kade and jumps into the Siege with him. Logan protests but too late. The Bamfs teleport them all away from the explosion and soon they are in the water, heroes, pupils and villains alike. Sauron is glad they don’t have to grade any more term papers. How many of them can Krakoa carry? Kitty wonders. Rachel asks if someone has seen — That moment, Starblood’s starship crashlands. Broo exits, having beaten Starblood. Would anyone like a ride back to Westchester? he asks. So that’s what it feels like to be a good guy, Quentin silently muses. Not bad. Better than always losing, that’s for sure. And in the ocean, under the sea, Kade desperately knocks knocks against the Siege’s glass, trying to get out. The next morning, back at the Jean Grey School:Outside Wolverine’s office, Beast, Kitty, Storm and Iceman discuss how to handle Logan. He swore he’d close the school down after the kids were found. It’s up to them to convince him this place is worth keeping open. Twenty bucks saying he comes in stinking drunk, Bobby bets. Kitty’s money is on berserker mode. Beast already strategizes. They enter his office to find him reading a Haiku book. ‘Bout time they all got here. What’s the matter? They forget they got a school to run? Smiling, the others leave. Bobby announces he’s a Skrull. He’s not complaining but he’s definitely a Skrull. No, he’s Professor Wolverine, Kitty replies. Storm tells them they have themselves a school to run. Happily in love, Idie and Quentin walk the hallway arm in arm. Quentin telepathically muses “girlfriend” sounds so human. What if he calls her his first among co-conspirators in acts of kissing and mayhem?” Has he ever noticed how beautiful this place is? Idie asks. She guesses this is what the world looks like once you take away the monsters. Toad stays at Husk’s side in the infirmary and Max and Manuel complain about being forced to be students. They’d prefer jail. Beast examines Broo, who remembers fighting for a long time to be himself again, but never making much ground. Suddenly, someone else was there, giving him the push he needed, telling him it was time to wake up. It happened when he bit a Bamf… Elsewhere far from the realms of the flesh:A figure, hooded in white, remarks there is still no sign of them or the other Bamfs. It’s been so long. Perhaps they’ve forgotten him. Bamf! Bamf! the Bamf replies. Let’s hope he is right. Let’s hope the X-Men still remember their old friend and that they are not afraid to risk their lives one more time to save a dead man. He turns around, revealing a blue tail like the Bamfs… 