Idie Okonkwo muses how the Hellfire Academy teaches them to be monsters, to watch things die! In the meantime in Madripoor, Wolverine and his Bamfs attack Lord Deathstrike. Back at the Academy, Quentin Quire has escaped and tries to strangle Lady Mondo with his chains. His partner in crime, Toad, is facing Sauron, who mocks this little about-face was rather poorly considered, even for him. Toad orders him to stand aside. He is taking that boy out of here. Sauron mocks his janitor status. He thought Toad couldn’t get any more pathetic than he already was. Turns out he was wrong. Toad agrees. But what will that make Sauron once Toad is done kicking his ass? Elsewhere at the Academy:Standing some distance away from her classmates, Idie watches them attack each other, much to Kade Kilgore’s pleasure as he urges them to kill their way right to the honor roll. Idie finds a Hellfire guard at her feet. Deciding she has learned her lessons well, she attacks him mercilessly. In Detention 13, Lady Mondo demands more cameras. She is about to perform acts of improvisational murder and refuses to do so without proper coverage. She also demands her agent. Before she can continue ranting, Toad’s tongue wraps around her head. Quentin thanks Toad for saving his life a second time with his tongue. Maybe he should rephrase that. Having beaten both Sauron and Lady Mondo, Toad points out that he is the janitor. He’s just cleaning his own mess for change. Two armed guards try to stop them, but in turn are taken out by Dog Logan. He nods his head at Quentin, telling him they are even and leaves. Quentin and Toad run into the other direction. Dog Logan runs into Sabretooth, who remarks he must be the runt’s big brother that nobody’s ever heard of or cared about. And he must be the guy who always wished he was, Dog retorts. Over the roofs of Madripoor, Wolverine fights Lord Deathstrike. Kade Kilgore welcomes Oya to tell her how amazing she was in the fight. He offers her ice-cream. Though she wants to accept, she refuses. Kade assures her she is not in trouble. He’s had his eyes on her for quite some time. She is without any doubt their most promising student. He wants to make her a special offer. He holds out a black leather costume. How would she like to be the Black Queen of the Hellfire Club? This is of course a great honor, one previously held by none other than Jean Grey herself. He is the Black King and thus she would be by his side… at all times. He begins to stammer that he would like her to be. Wilhelmina wants to enter his office to offer they could skin her new kitty together. Then she overhears him offering Idie the position. She thought there was only one queen, Wilhelmina mutters. Suddenly, guards inform Kade via comm-link that there are targets near the kill zone. Kade asks for them to be put on screen. It’s Toad and Quentin. Kade suggest they could celebrate Idie’s new status by watching a certain symbol of her old life suffer and die. Quentin and Toad are facing Husk and several of the Hellions. Quentin’s powers are still held in check for the most part. Husk and the kids threaten them. Toad pleads with Paige to see there is something wrong with her. Angrily, she pulls her skin off to reveal a horrid form. She calls him embarrassing. She can’t believe she ever let him put his tongue on her. Kill them! she orders. Snot hits Quentin. Guess he won’t be whipping up any psychic shotguns now, will he? No, Quentin replies, just grenades, and throws it at him. Toad refuses to fight Paige, who doesn’t care. She just wants him to die! She hits him hard. In his office, Kade shyly asks Idie if she would like to change into her new costume. Idie muses it truly is beautiful to watch someone die. She takes the costume and announces she will join his Hellfire Club. If she’s going to be by his side at all times there is one thing they have to take care of first. Broo has become extremely protective of late. She’s not sure he would allow her to have a boyfriend. Kade still considers the word ‘boyfriend,’ never having had a girlfriend. Idie returns dressed as the Black Queen and tells him to get rid of Broo and she will be his Black Queen. That shouldn’t be too hard, Kade stutters. He shot him once. He can do it again. If he closes his eyes now, will she kiss him please right on the cheek? Idie’s eyes begin to glow dangerously. While Wolverine is fighting Lord Deathstrike, he telepathically asks Rachel to help. She replies they have a lead on their own, namely Krakoa, who was after all made by the Hellfire Club. Rachel explains Krakoa says he was born in the ocean. Grown in Dr. Frankenstein’s secret garden with others of his kind. He can show them where. Suddenly, the ground begins to rumble. Idie hits Kade with a flaming fist. The only reason she ever came here was to find out whoever shot her friend! Kade wants to know what she learned at his school? She is about to show him! She tosses ice spears at him. Kade draws a gun. This is why he never had any girlfriend… Elsewhere, Broo tries to kill Quentin. Both of them stop when they hear a gun go off and the Idie’s scream. Quentin tells Broo to run to her and tell her he said goodbye. Broo complies. Mortimer tries to tell Paige he loves her. Idie slams Kade back with a fire blast. Weakly, he tells her she graduated with flying colors. As he falls against the console, Idie sees Toad’s pleading with Paige and tells her he still loves her. Instead of feeling nothing, Idie begins to cry. She runs to save Quentin, then tells him they have a school to destroy. He thinks he loves her, he tells her. A walking Krakoa with the X-Men arrives at the Hellfire Academy… 