As Wolverine stands on the rooftop holding the fake carbonadium synthesizer, he thinks to himself that his plan is either going to work or it isn’t. Either way, somebody’s going to get killed.  Before he can think any further about it, a brigade of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents converge on his location. Dum Dum Dugan is leading the charge and all of the agents have their guns targeted on Wolverine. From a command post in the helicopter, one of the agents informs Dugan that he is still scanning the device Wolverine is holding but as of right now, it doesn’t look to be any explosive they can tell. He continues that if it is in the database, he will have the answer in nine seconds. Wolverine sarcastically points out to Dugan that he can hear what the agent just said and that they don’t have nine seconds. He then informs them that the device he is holding is not a bomb. Dugan demands to know what it is then. Wolverine just smiles and recommends that they ask him.  At that very moment, the agents and Dugan turn around to see Omega Red coming for them. As Red begins to attack the agents, Wolverine tosses the synthesizer to Dugan and informs him that, if he wants to call Red off, he needs to give him the device. As Dugan curses him out, Wolverine leaps off the building and wishes him good luck.  On the rooftop, Omega Red continues his attack on the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents. Gunfire against him does little good while he wraps his coils around the agents’ necks. One of the agents is able to get behind Red and holds a gun to his head. He then orders him to freeze. Dum Dum Dugan asks the soldier what he is waiting for – he needs to pull the damned trigger. The agent informs him that he can’t – he can’t feel his arms. The reason – Omega Red has stuck one of his coils through the middle of the man’s chest.  Dugan is informed by the agents in the helicopter that they can’t get a clear shot due to the fact that their men are too clustered around the target. Upon hearing the news, Dugan looks down at the synthesizer and then informs the agents to arm the gel disbursement units and to target-lock the Russki. Once ready, they are to fire on his command. Dugan then raises the synthesizer over his head and calls out to Red asking him if that is what he wants. When he gets Red’s attention, he tosses it over the side of the building. Omega Red leaves the agents alone and goes after what he has wanted from the beginning – the carbonadium synthesizer.  As he leaps off the building towards it, Dugan gives the command to fire. In mid-air, Omega Red is hit with a gel-like substance that knocks him to the rooftop below. When he lands, it hardens like cement and immobilizes him imprisoned, mere inches away from the synthesizer. As he lies there, he calls out to Logan that he will kill him for this and that he will cut his heart out and eat it.  Back on the rooftop, Dum Dum Dugan looks down to see Wolverine running through the streets below. He thinks to himself that nowhere he runs, he will find him – no matter the cost. He then looks at his squad and orders all able-bodied men to form into squads and follow him. They are proceeding on to the primary target.  When Wolverine reaches the other building, he calls out for Jubilee. However, he finds her in the basement, mouth taped, and a beam lying on her chest. To him, she looks like she is dead. He leaps down to check on her and pulls the tape off of her mouth. Jubilee opens her eyes and weakly indicates to Wolverine that it hurts really bad and she pleads with him to help her. Wolverine looks down to see that the beam has a post that is sticking through Jubilee’s chest. Wolverine thinks to himself that he can’t save her. Then, he realizes that he needs to bite the bullet and do what he has to do. He has to save her.  At that exact moment, Dum Dum Dugan and his agents enter the room. All of them have their rifles pointed on him. Without turning around, Wolverine informs them that if they will save her, he will go without a fight. Dugan thinks about it for a while and then informs one of his agents to call in a medevac. The agent indicates to Dugan that he can’t possibly trust him, can he? Dugan replies that he doesn’t and proceeds to unload his gun into the back of Wolverine’s head.  When Wolverine regains consciousness, he is strapped to a contraption that has his arms, mouth, chest and feet confined. When Dum Dum Dugan learns that Wolverine has awaken, he orders all of the agents present to leave immediately. When one of the agents asks him if he’s sure about that, Dugan informs him that it was his decision and his decision alone to attempt capture of the subject. The fact that the mission was successful is irrelevant. He acted without consulting his superiors. The agent asks him what about them, to which Dugan replies that they simply followed orders, his orders and that their butts are covered. His, however, is going to sit right there and keep watch over his captive until he is relieved of his post.  One by one all of the agents file out of the door. When the last one leaves, the door closes behind them. At that moment, another agent comes running out from a back room calling out for them to wait. Dum Dum Dugan asks him if he is the last one and the agent confirms that he is. As he walks past Dugan, Dugan notices something different about him and goes to stop him. The agent then turns around swiftly and jabs his two claws into Dugan’s chest, killing him.   The agent then makes his way into the cell where Wolverine is being held. When he removes his helmet, a longhaired Mohawk is revealed. Wolverine recognizes him immediately. It’s his son and he’s just like him. When he sees him for the first time, a tear falls from his eye. Upon seeing that, his son is enraged and slashes him across his exposed stomach. After he does, he snarls to him that “he” was right about him – he’s weak.  With that he walks away. As he does he indicates to him that they’ll meet again – “dad.” After the door closes, the emergency medical override is engaged and Wolverine is set free. He falls from the contraption to the floor – half-dead. 