As Wolverine pulls himself up off the floor, he remembers that his son was there and he came right through that door. He was so beautiful, so like Itsu. That is on the outside. On the inside, he’s all him.  As he looks down at his stomach where his son slashed him, he thinks that maybe he’s telling him something. That he blames him for what happened to his mother. He admits he deserves it, but why did he… Before he can finish his thought he hears the sound of seven men outside the door with tactical armor and light weapons. He pops his claws and realizes that Dugan is either out of his mind or out of the picture. He also knows there is only one way in and out of the bunker – the door. As he rushes towards the door, he wonders why the agents are so eager. Is that whole living thing getting too old for them? Or is it because they’re just a scared bunch of kids that don’t know any better? Wolverine thinks that the answer is B. That’s why he’s going to cut them a break.  When the agents kick the door down and enter the room, they find it empty. The reason – Wolverine has attached himself to the ceiling with his claws. Once he makes sure all of the agents are in the room, he quickly makes his way out the door and locks them inside. As he does so, he silently tells them they’re welcome. However, as he turns around he finds another agent. This one is scared to death.   Shortly, a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent runs out of the bunker, yelling to the other agents that Wolverine is right behind him. The agents proceed to unload their rifles towards the door where the agent exited. After some time, their commander tells them to hold their fire. While they wonder if they got him, Wolverine removes the S.H.I.E.L.D. helmet and thinks to himself that, sometimes, luck is the only thing that will get you out of a bad situation.  As he removes the rest of his armor he took from the agent, he knows that luck never lasts, especially for him?? When he looks on the ground, he finds a long coat and a hat lying there. He pops his claws and thinks “luck my ass.” He’s being shadowed. He quickly sniffs the coat but doesn’t catch a scent on it. Just then, he hears a helicopter overhead. He then puts on the coat and hat and begins to make his way down the street. In a S.H.I.E.L.D. control room, an agent is asked if there’s any sign of Wolverine yet. The agent replies negative; he just vanished.  As Wolverine walks down the street, he wonders what is going on. Is he being helped or set up? As he hails a taxi and gets in, he wonders who would go through all of this trouble. Across the street, at a bar, a man sits reading a newspaper. He watches the events unfold – he is Wolverine’s son.  When Wolverine’s son reaches his home, he is greeted by his girlfriend who asks him how his “business trip” was. He replies that it was quite eventful actually. She calls him a liar. Wolverine’s son turns around to find her sitting on the couch drinking. He sarcastically asks her if she’s having few drinks. As she sits on the couch crying she mentions to him that he wasn’t in Paris for she saw him in Berlin this morning. As Wolverine’s son takes a seat he says, “You did?” She replies that she saw him at a coffee shop with a man and… and she saw him kiss him. She then closes her eyes an turns her head away from him. Wolverine’s son replies that isn’t all he did with him. She opens her eyes to look at him and asks him what did he…? Did he…? Wolverine’s son informs her that he took him to a seedy hotel. The kind of place where no one looks you in the face and no one asks you awkward questions. Then, he had his way with him. What he neglects to tell her is that he killed the man and stole his passport.  Upon hearing what she just heard, his girlfriend holds her face in her hands and says that she is so stupid and that she can’t believe that she… She then says to him that he used her. She asks what for – a place to sleep. He replies more or less. As she continues to cry she says that her mom and dad told her that European men couldn’t be trusted but she…him… She felt such a connection with him…even though they’ve only known each other for a few weeks she felt like she knew him. That he knew her. Wolverine’s son informs her that he did know her; he knew everything about her. It was no coincidence that they met, nor was it a coincidence when she saw him this morning.  He knew when she’d be walking by that coffee shop. That’s why he chose it. He wanted her to see him. He then says to her that she’s probably asking herself, “Why is he doing this?” He then tells her that the answer is simple. She is a footprint and he is erasing her. He then informs her that she’s not the first and she won’t be the last; so she shouldn’t take it personal. He continues that he knew she would come back there after she spotted him. He also knew that she would call all of her friends and tell them what she’d seen. He also knew that she’d start drinking. Particularly, he knew that she’d drink the bottle of burgundy that they bought together last week – to spite him. Of course, being as ignorant as she is, she took no notice of how easily the cork came out. He also bets that she didn’t taste all those crushed sleeping tablets in there either.  Just then, his girlfriend drops her glass and falls to the floor. As she lies there, he asks her if she is still conscious. He then asks her if she can see him as he truly is. As he pops his claws, he tells her that he is the inheritor of the earth. When all of her kind has gone to dust, he will remain.  On a farm somewhere, a man and woman are calling out for their young son, Milo. The father suggests to his wife, Margie, that they should go check the barn. When they open the door, they find Milo covered in blood. When Margie asks him where all that blood came from, Milo tells her that he was “kweening d’staw like he wuz s’posed to, but hossy was mean to him and kick’ded him.” He then gotted mad and he hitted hossy. As he begins to cry, he holds up the horse’s severed head and says that he twied to put hossy’s head back on, but he dunno haowwwww. His mom tells him that’s okay and for him to go up to the house and get in the bathtub. Mommy will be there in a minute to clean him all up.  As Milo heads up to the house, the father says to the mother that they should have registered him. Margie asks how he can say that – he’s his son. The father starts to respond but is cut off. She says to him that they wouldn’t have put him in the service and he knows it. They would have just locked him up. The father then asks if that would have been so bad. The mother gives him a dirty look and leaves him to go tend to Milo.  In the house, Milo is in the bath and his mother is helping him. While they do so, he tells her that he is sowwy. His mom tells him that she knows he is. As she continues to clean him, Milo says that he wish he was a gooder boy so daddy would love him. With those words, his mother begins to cry.  After his bath, Milo lays in his bed. It is made up of three mattresses, placed side by side, long-ways. As he does so, he is clutching his teddy bear. He then hears a voice that tells him hello. Milo is confused and asks his bear, Snugwy, if he just talked to him. The voice tells him that it wasn’t his bear, it was him. His new friend and he wants to help him out. He wants to make him better. Milo smiles and says that he can’t see him, fwend. The voice informs him that no once can, at least not yet. When Milo then asks him what his name is, the voice replies that his name is Silas Burr. Milo tries to say it but is unable. As the images of two yellow eyes and teeth appear in Milo’s room, the voice tells him that’s okay – he can just call him Cyber. 