Up in British Columbia, Canada, Logan stands in the woods wearing plain clothes. Looking into the woods, he thinks to himself that everybody’s life moves in a circle. A circle that eventually comes ‘round to where it began. Most folks don’t realize that. Most folks die before they get to where they started from. He ain’t most folks. So there he is. Right back where it started.  He can’t say how many times he’s repeated his cycle. Back when he ran with the wolves as a child, when he first met Silver Fox, when Mariko Yashida died in his arms, and when Magneto pulled the adamantium out of his body. But he can say this, it’s over. Slicing a tree down with his claws, Logan says it’s time to begin a new cycle, a new life. One that he can control. One that he can live with. It’s time to let go of the past. It’s time to create something new. Something of his own. Standing in front of his cabin, Logan works on preparing the log he sliced down.  As he does so, a voice behind him tells him it’s nice and cozy. Sheathing his claws, Logan asks Nick Fury what he’s doing there. Fury tells him that he was about to ask him the same thing. Pointing over to the cabin, Logan says it’s kinda obvious what he’s doing, ain’t it. Fury replies sure it is, he’s hiding. When Logan begins to say “if he was hidin’,” Fury cuts him off and states that he was about to say “you’d never find me,” right? But then he thought better of it. Logan tells him that assumptions can be dangerous. Fury answers that he knows but he assumes there’s a bottle of hooch in that tent.  That night, in front of the campfire, Logan and Fury share a bottle of alcohol. While they do, Logan asks Fury why he’s there. Fury tells him that he wanted to ask him about a couple of things. When Logan asks what, Fury says like why he’s not working with him. Logan tells him his plate’s full. Fury asks if he’s talkin’ about X-Force. Logan says he’s talkin’ about everything. Fury asks Logan what about a part-time gig. He’s got some up-and-comers who’d just love to… Logan cuts him off and asks Fury that he wants him to work for him? Thanks, but no thanks. He’s doin’ his own thing now. Fury says all right, then.  After a few moments of silence, Logan tells Fury that he doesn’t believe for a second he came all the way there to offer him a job he knew he wouldn’t take so why’d he really come there. Fury tells him that he didn’t think Logan would wanna be alone. Logan says he came there to be alone. Fury adds especially today. Turning towards Fury, Logan asks what’s so special about today. Fury asks him is he serious; it’s his birthday.  That night, Logan awakens from his sleep in a cold sweat. Popping the claws on his right hand, Logan exits his tent and sniffs the air. As he calls out Nick’s name, he sees footprints leading out of the campsite and into the woods. While he makes his way into the woods, Logan asks himself if this is real. He can’t smell anything. Is he dreaming? Hearing a snapping sound, Logan turns around. Nick’s dead. He killed him. When he sees Nick’s bloodied body tossed into the snow before his feet, a voice asks him if he likes it. He’s sorry he didn’t have time to wrap it but it’s the thought that counts, right? With that, Logan sees that the voice belongs to Sabretooth.  Shocked, Logan falls back into the snow. He tells him no. He’s not real. He killed him. This is just the programming, the Weapon X conditioning. Tryin’ to reassert itself. This isn’t real. As Sabretooth attacks him and slashes Logan across the throat, he asks him “was it ever?”  Just then, Logan finds himself in his bed and is confused. He tells himself to relax and breath. He’s just goin’ through programming withdrawals. He has to stay strong. He’s been goin’ through the same repeated motions for almost a century but he has to stop and not let it take him again. He needs to keep fighting but wonders aloud what he’s fighting for. Ripping through the tent, Sabretooth tells him it’s because it’s what he does. Continuing his vicious assault on Logan, Sabretooth says it’s what he is. It’s all he is. He’s the only part o’ him that’s real. Everything else is just a dream. With that, Logan is lying face down in the snow, beaten and bloodied.  At that moment, Bando Saburo appears and tells Logan to get up. He is not a dog. He does not sleep on the ground like a dog. He is a man and this will be his home. But first, he must build it. Standing up, Logan tells Bando that he will do his best. Carrying a torch, Sabretooth tells Logan no he won’t. He’ll do what he always does and Sabretooth will do what he always does.  Enraged, Logan attacks Sabretooth and yells at him that he won’t let him take this away from him. Slashing away at Sabretooth, Logan exclaims not again. He won’t be controlled. Once he chops Sabretooth’s head off, the head tells him he already is and he always will be. Standing up, Logan is surrounded by a number of Bando’s followers. Turning around, Logan sees Itsu and begs her to forgive him. A skeletal Itsu replies that he cannot, she is dead.  As Logan unleashes his frustration and roars like an animal, a voice from the shadows, in fact Romulus, asks him when he is going to stop believing their lies. He is not a man. He never was. He knows what he is. And so does he. He then tells Logan to follow him into the darkness. Growling Romulus’ name, Logan rushes into the woods. There, he finds his son Daken, who tells him that this is the father he’s always wanted. Facing his son, Logan tells him that he shouldn’t be there. Daken replies that he agrees. He’s spent enough time in the dark, hidden away. Decades. Waiting.  After Logan says “too dangerous…” Daken laughs. He then asks Logan if he thinks that world of his threatens him. It’s not even real. It’s a lie, passed on from one generation of weaklings to the next. Logan tells him no. Daken is too dangerous. Slashing away at Daken, Logan growls that he’s the besst there iss at what he does. And what he does issn’t pretty! With that, Logan stabs Daken in the chest. In reality, however, it’s Nick Fury. 