Kharkov and Slaymaster watch Captain Britain struggling with Kharkov’s mechanical octopus. The machine jabs him with a needle and injects him with an unknown substance. The hero feels his arms and legs going numb as he drops his scepter. Kharkov announces that they will have him brought aboard to better watch his death struggles. As he has Britain put into the ballast tanks, he explains to Slaymaster that Cap is totally paralyzed, but aware of his surroundings. He has the sea-cocks of the yacht (which doubles as a submarine) open and explains that the waters will rise and the hero will slowly down. In addition, when the tanks open, his piranha fish will swim in gnawing on Captain Britain as he drowns. Slaymaster impatiently tells him to get down to business. Kharkov agrees. No point in dwelling on Slaymaster’s blunder in letting Britain trace him, after all. Meanwhile feeling comes back to Captain Britain as his fingers touch the star scepter. He manages to free himself from the robot, but that means the piranha tank opens. Unaware of the struggle going on below, an odd group of overnight guests gather on deck to observe the fantastic scenery. Kharkov explains that each of them wants to ascertain a certain rare object. He is now able to gratify their wishes… for a price.  He shows a German gentleman named Kraus the golden griffin, which he may add to his collection, merely by agreeing that his factories will buy no more British steel. He turns to the Africa monarch Mbotu, offering him Gunn’s Grand Prix winning race car, if he cancels his contract for those British aircraft. To Sheik Hassan, he offers the imprisoned model for his harem, if he cuts off all oil to Britain.  To an US senator he offer a rare Spider-Man comic for his ill son, if he votes against that U.S. loan to Britain.  A Japanese gentleman is enticed with Archer’s priceless Samurai sword, if he scraps his plans for an electronics plant in England. Together, they can deal a death blow to Britain’s hopes for more jobs and a brighter future. And she will own her downfall to Kharkov, the ‘dirty foreigner,’ whom her bankers once refused and sent to prison for embezzlement! He shows them to a cabin with radio telephones on which they can call their nations and fulfill their part of the bargain. Meanwhile, Britain fights for his life against the robot octopus. And, while Kharkov’s guests are on the phone, Slaymaster impatiently demands to be paid. Kharjov shows him to his safe. While he slowly opens it, Slaymaster becomes suspicious. As the safe doors open, Kharkov swings aside to evade machine gun fire, which hits Slaymaster in the chest. But to Kharkov’s astonishment, the villain is still alive, thanks to his bullet-proof gear. Furiously, he attacks Kharkov promising him that he will go overboard to feed the sharks.  At that moment, Britain manages to stun the monstrosity and finally makes his escape out of the tank. Kharkov’s seamen attack but they are no match for the hero. In the meantime, the guests are eager to claim their prizes, only to find that they are now dealing with Slaymaster, who informs them that he is now demanding ransoms from them. Suddenly, Captain Britain joins them, promising that they will all face justice in England along with Slaymaster. Cap hits Slaymaster, who throws an acid bomb at him, which Cap fends off with his forcefield. Slaymaster grabs the imprisoned model and tosses her at Cap. Slaymaster dashes onto the bridge and tries to reset the autopilot. The sailor informs him that Cap already radioed the navy. Cap attacks again and Slaymaster tries to set up the yacht to explode, while he plans to flee to France. Before Slaymaster can escape, Cap tosses his sceptre at him, hitting him in the back. The impact of the stunning blow sends the assassin crashing through the ship’s railing and to the frenzied sharks. Cap, in the meantime, has prevented the bomb from going up, secure in the knowledge that he can leave the rest to the royal navy. 