(Timejump 1) Mystique thinks about how she got pregnant as Leni Zauber and gave birth to her son Graydon Creed, and how she has planned to assasinate him years later while he was presidential candidate. She is arraginging a weapon and thinks it unfair that Prosh is putting her through this again, this day Graydon Creed was assasinated, and she was responsible. Phoenix calls Iceman on the phone at his parents’ house, and tells him that because of the encephalographic harness, her telepathy is turned off. She also tells him that she is positive Graydon Creed will be assassinated in an hour. They aren’t sure whether they are supposed to prevent his death or make sure it comes to pass. Prosh comes to her and reminds her that Cannonball is serving as an undercover agent in Creed’s campaign. She calls him and he says they’re heading to the rally. She asks him if Mystique was with X-Factor and he says no. Phoenix struggles to decide whether to change the course of history. Prosh says he understands and he is sorry. He tells her that their job is not to change history, only to learn from it. Prosh tells her that Juggernaut is reliving a bank robbery and the Toad is in a mental institute, but Mystique’s situation is very complicated right now. She set up the weapon to kill Creed, but then her future mind took over, so technically, she didn’t kill him because her future self is doing it now. Phoenix doesn’t know what to do. She knows that neither she nor Iceman could get to Atlanta in time. Iceman struggles with the right thing to do. Mystique has trouble with why she doesn’t remember things. She recalls prepping Pyro, convincing him that they planned to save Creed, and next she remembers getting caught by X-Factor, but the time between is a blank spot. She was pretty good at covering her involvement, the weapon is time delayed, like the message from the “killer“ that threatened Mystique as well. She wonders why she doesn’t remember activating the weapon and then understands – it’s because her future self has taken over the body and the choice has yet to be made. Mystique knows that Creed has to die because of time complications and he’s an evil man. She flips the switch on the weapon and the harnesses activate again. (Timejump 2) Phoenix ends up chained up somewhere not on Earth; Iceman finds himself wearing the belt he used to control his powers, it is the night after he fought Lord Rask; Juggernaut is in Crossmoore Prison and the Toad is working at a fast-food restaurant. Mystique just witnessed the death of Destiny. Pyro, Blob, Avalanche, and Forge leave the room and Mystique curses Prosh for sending her there. She is on the Freedom Force ship after their battle with the Reavers. An hour later, Mystique goes outside, not remembering what happened next. She goes down to the water where she is confronted by Legion. He tells her he wants her to kill him. She asks why and he shows her. She is shown precognitive visions of the Age of Apocalypse, and event that he will cause. Legion said he had to stop Destiny from showing him any more. Mystique gets mad at Legion, he killed such a gentle person only because he couldn’t deal with her warning, and she points her guns to his head. Legion reaveals that Destiny said the choice would be hers whether to kill Legion or not, hiowever she has to know that one can’t change destiny. Mystique backs down and does not shoot; the harnesses kick in again. (Timejump 3) Mystique is in the pentagon as human looking Raven Darkholme; Phoenix is in the healing cocoon at the bottom of Jamaica Bay; Iceman is in college; Toad is still working at a fast-food restaurant; and Juggernaut is stuck in a block of concrete after battling Spiderman. Iceman asks Prosh why he has a headache and he tells him that the farther they go back in time the harder it is to maintain a link. He tells him they are linked to Toad, and the two of them must stop Mystiquem fro stealing secret government files. Raven cannot see what is in the files she is about to look at. Carol Danvers, Storm, and Wolverine had infiltrated the pentagon. Rogue had fought Wolverine and Storm, but in the meantime Danvers was able to delete all files on herself and the X-Men. Mystique was arrested that day, but escaped soon after and her cover was not compromised. Some workers come in and Mystique quickly changes into Nick Fury. She gets the recovered files on disc and makes her way out. Prosh has Iceman go into the shower to use the full extent of his powers by turning to water. Mystique is driving away when Toad jumps on her car. He tells her that she must not steal whatever she’s going to steal, but she says she’s tired of Prosh’s game. She pulls her guns out, but they are frozen up. Iceman comes up through the sewer, but Mystique says she will not stop. She turns into a man and gets lost in a crowd. Iceman begins to have doubts about Prosh’s orders. Mystique arrives at home and Destiny asks Rogue to go into the other room. The precog knows that she is currently talking to the future Mystique, and she warns her that her biggest troubles are yet to come, once Mystique will be back where she belongs. The information of the disc would be too much to take for the past Mystique, so she may read it now, but a computer virus will destroy the data afterwards. Mystique goes to read the information on the disc, which talk about journals on genetics by Dr. Nathan Milbury dating back to 1946. The harnesses begin to activate before Mystique can read everything and Juggernaut says the first thing he’ll do is get a beer. (Timejump 4) Jean is glad to be out of the cocoon, but is disappointed when they wind up on the day Phoenix died on the moon. 