(Timejump 4) Phoenix II has just died on the moon. The comic entity called the Phoenix Force had created a body for itself based on Jean’s genetic structure, but it was the residual spirit of Jean Grey that willed the entity to end ist existance. Now timetraveling to important events in history, the real Jean Grey’s mind has been transported into Phoenix II. She finds herself with the cosmic construction worker. He says she’s one of the few people he’s done this twice for, except both times are the same time. The construction worker is Death, and she is in the afterlife. Death tells her that she chose the Phoenix Force as much as she chose it. She asks him why it chose her, and he says that’s the interesting part. Elsewhere, Mystique is gathering the new Brotherhood of Evil Mutants to assassinate Senator Kelly. Toad is happy running an amusement park, Juggernaut is at Cassidy Keep with Black Tom Cassidy and Theresa Rourke, while Iceman is attending Jean Grey’s funeral. Back in the afterlife, Death tells Jean that she hungered for the Phoenix Force. When she saw its incredible power, she yearned for growth. Death shows Phoenix the Universal Forces and tells her they are scared of her more than anything else. Death tells her that because she is human, mutant, and the unlimited potential of mankind meets the unquenchable desire to grow, she represents a legitimate challenge to the fabric of reality. Then the harnesses activate again. (Timejump 5) Toad is in Rikers Island Prison after impersonating The Stranger and being defeated by the Avengers. Iceman is at his first day at UCLA, a few days before he and Angel form the Champions. Mystique as disguised as the FBI’s Director Duncan, and she is congratulating Senator Kelly on his election. Juggernaut is again at Cassidy Keep, just before the new X-Men came to battle him and Black Tom. Phoenix is piloting the shuttle back down to Earth; her telekinetic shield has given way and she is suffering from radiation. Prosh comes and says he is sorry for making her experience the pain, but he needed to remind her of the consequences and give her the option to change her decision, which would create a new timeline. She says it’s a difficult choice, not accepting the Phoenix Force’s offer will mean that the universe will be destroyed as she can’t repair the M’kraan Crystal. Jean is unable make a choice, and Prosh says that he does not intend to make her decide, he only wanted her to think of the options. Then he sends them back in time again. (Timejump 6) Phoenix is woken up telepathically by Professor Xavier, who tells her she is late for her morning class. She goes to the Danger Room and finds the original X-Men training, Iceman among them and welcoming her. They had just fought the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants again, who were trying to recruit the Stranger, and then they barely survived against Juggernaut. Juggernaut is currently in prison. Mystique, who is trying to clean blood off of her, is comforted by Destiny. Toad is being held captive for examination by the Stranger, along with Magneto. Back at the mansion, Xavier says he expects a better performance once they have fully recovered. Phoenix observes Xavier working on his computer, and then goes into his office once he leaves. She discovers that already back then, Xavier knew that she and Iceman had much more potential. Especially Iceman is far from even grasping his full abilities and in time they both might reach unlimited power levels. Iceman comes in and says that so far this timetravels have been easy for him, and the group is transported back in time again. (Timejump 7) Mystique is beaten up by a group of Hydra agents. Phoenix is a freshman in high school. Iceman always seems to have a cold. Juggernaut is still working his way out of the rubble in Korea. Toad is being recruited by Magneto for the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants. 