Utopia: The rest of the Extinction Team – Danger, Storm, Psylocke and Magneto – sit in the silent situation room. Enough! Magneto finally announces. They can’t just sit here. After all, who knows what could be happening?  What’s happening in Sinister London is pandemonium, as the Phoenix Five attack Sinister’s armed forces, which strike back with all their might.  Inside Castle Sinister, genetic weapons are readied and Cyclops clones fire their optic blast at Namor. He falls hard, furious at Sinister.  Cyclops gathers the troops and informs them Sinister Prime will be in the castle but it’s pointless to strike. It’s a Hydra. They decapitate it, a new Prime emerges. They have to take his whole civilization apart. He orders Emma to purge the countryside and Magik to confine everybody. They take the city, starting with the creation engines. No more engines, no more Sinister!  Sinister Prime is having a pleasant dinner with his Madelynes. He is told that the X-Men are annihilating the Marauder spawn on the approach to the engines. Sinister isn’t worried, though. The X-Men will stay clear of the stronghold until they’ve bled them dry. He snaps his fingers and the castle rises atop a Krakoa clone.  Angrily, Scott realizes that, while they have infinite power, he still surprises them.  Namor is hit by another ruby canon blast. Cyclops attacks Krakoa. Colossus turns unto a giant to attack the castle. From the battlements, a horde of Gambit clones (all crying ‘ma chere’) throw themselves at Colossus to blow up in his face. He staggers and a second wave follows.  Magik quickly intervenes and teleports the suicide Gambits into the ruby converger where they explode, taking out the cannon as well.  In the meantime, the Sinisters send the Cannonball clones at Namor, who has become furious. Cyclops tells him to wait. He has some weaponized Phalanx material to deal with, but then he’ll support… No more waiting! Namor shouts. With the cry ‘Imperius Rex,’ he attacks the castle, doing just what Sinister Prime wanted him to, as his Madelynes are waiting.  Cyclops only senses he has lost contact with Namor. He orders everyone to report.  Emma reports she is presently under attack from a field of weaponized wheat. Next the cows explode. Covered in blood, Emma shouts, asking if there is nothing that vile man won’t turn into a weapon! “Nothing, harlot!” comes the reply, as she looks up in surprise and is taken out.  Magik and Colossus are horrified and decide to retreat unaware of the three Madelynes appearing behind them.  And so, Cyclops loses contact with them as well. “Husband,” he hears a voice and finds three Madelynes hovering above him. He tries to blast them. A huge explosion later, he lies powerless on the ground and Sinister Prime commends his brides.  “Oh Scott,” he mocks, marrying into wealth, influence and, most of all, power… It’s a fine English tradition. He highly recommends it. Also, bigamy.  In the meantime, Psylocke, Danger, Magneto and Storm are on the outskirts of Sinister’s city, realizing they have a problem… 