In Britain, the Big Ben, Parliament and MI6 explode from the bombs the Brotherhood has planted. While the local police tries to save the inocent, Cyclops, in command of the Blackbird reprehends Quicksilver for giving a warning of fifteen minutes and setting the timers for only three. We see the Brotherhood unfold themselves from Mastermind's great disguises. Cyclops replies that this was a bloodless operation as Wanda tries to persuade Scott to leave Pietro alone. They leave quickly back to the Savage Land. In Washington D.C., Logan is sitting in a hotel (and by the looks of it, an expensive one) bed waiting for Jean to contact Cyke, because she thinks that she has something to do with his early departure. When she is unnable to do so, she joins him under the sheets. At the White House, Prof. X, Beast, Colossus, Storm and Iceman are in a meeting with the presindent to make a peace conference for humans and mutants. The presindent says that while the sentinels will be disabled, they still have a last mission. The secret services discovered the whereabouts of the Savage Land by the landing of the Blackbird. The NATO chiefs of staff have already decided to go with the attack. Prof. X asks the presindent if he realizes that provoking Magneto like this threatens the life of every man, woman and child of this estire planet and the presindent just answers "that's a chance we just have to take". Sentinels sprout from the ground and go to the Savage Land, where Cyke is talking with Magneto about the mission and the last one replies that Pietro thinks that, by killing people, his father will like him more, but that it's just the contrary. He lectures Scott about the genocides that his family was exposed to, and that they (the mutants) have to take the world from those ways and rectify that. Scott says that he'll never going to kill for Magneto, that replies that he would not ask such a thing. They talk about the recital that Scarlet Witch will read that night, and the use of the Epsilon-Omega language that Magneto is trying to teach to every mutant. An unusual request comes from Magneto: he wants Cyclops to address him as father if Quicksilver is around. Quicksilver is with Scarlet Witch talking about the way his father treats him, when he sees the Sentinels arrival and their attack on the Savage Land mutants. As he, Cyclops and the others try to rescue the others, Magneto gets mad and flies above the ground, where he commands all Sentinels to kill anyone without mutant genes. He says that he's going to kill a hundred thousand humans per each mutant dead by this attack. When Cyke tells him, that he thought Magneto wanted to teach the human race, not exterminate it, Magneto replies "Humanity isn't going to die tonight, Cyclops. Just America." He speeds away with all the Sentinels behind him, as Cyclops predicts the end of all. Pietro tries to calm him, but Cyclops tells him to drop dead and, holding him X-Men comm-link, says "Professor X, This is Cyclops. We've got a situation here, sir". 