Cyclops, Iceman and Colossus are on the X-jet. Iceman asks Scott if he is sure of the identity of the mutants they are tracking. Cyclops answers that the Professor tracked a mutant running over 200 miles per hour, so it's logical that Quicksilver and the Scarlet Witch are near. They are going to invite them to join the X-Men. Peter wonders if that's a wise decision since they are, after all, Magneto's children. Cyclops answers that, both of them have helped them before, and that it's Xavier's decision. Iceman peers out the window letting the other X-Men know he has spotted the twins, however, gazing on the battle waged below, he wonders if the Professor shouldn't reconsider his proposal. Wanda and Pietro are attacking a military convoy, with Wanda using her hex-spheres and Pietro using his speed to knock opponents down. The convoy leader tries to tell his troops to secure the cargo truck, but he is punched by Pietro. Meanwhile Wanda asks him if they have a right to be doing this. Quicksilver answers that they have every right. In that same instance Pietro hears Bobby's voice behind him, and manages to avoid a wave of ice at the last second. However, he isn't fast enough to avoid a shard of ice from breaking of the wave and impaling itself on Pietro's leg. He turns around to see the three X-Men charging towards him. Just as Scott is about to ask what Pietro is up to, the Marines begin to fire at them as well. Iceman makes a wall of ice and tells them they're X-Men. Peter remarks that they don't seem to care. Cyclops reaches Wanda and grabs her arm, asking her what they are doing and how many people have they killed. She answers that no one has been killed and they are there because of Magneto. In the same instant Quicksilver knocks Scott back with a big piece of metal debris, ordering Cyclops to not touch his sister. Scott lands on a few marines and Iceman's wall. Colossus charges forward, mumbling how the twins can't be trusted. Quicksilver encircles Peter and hits him repeatedly to no avail. He asks the X-Men to allow them to grieve. Bobby tries to freeze Wanda, while taunting her that Pietro can't hurt Peter since he is made of organic steel. Wanda answers that it is an easy change to trigger. Using her magic she turns Colossus back to flesh, just as he is telling Pietro that he is going to break his hand. Before Peter can react Quicksilver lands four fast punches, effectively knocking Peter out. The Scarlet Witch returns her attention to Iceman and tells him that he has a lesson learn: he is careless and so is his work. She uses her magic on Bobby's iceslide, destroying it in the process. She tells him there are many flaws and cracks to exploit. Suddenly an optic blast is thrown in Pietro's direction. Scott tells him to leave Peter alone. He remarks that he thought they were free of Magnetos influence. Dodging Scott's blasts, Pietro answers they are there looking for some peace, as the convoy is transporting Magneto's body. Quicksilver rushes to the back of the truck, which Scott has opened with his last blast. Pietro says he doesn't want his father to be dissected by a government surgeon. Even though Magneto was a madman/martyr, he deserves a proper burial. Pietro finds only his father's helmet inside the truck. He rushes to the leader of the convoy, demanding to know where his father?s body is. He threatens to unravel the general's intestine, if he doesn't answer. The general informs him that they scanned the area and found nothing other than the helmet. Cyclops hits Pietro with an optic blast and orders him to leave the humans alone. He offers to help them work out their anger and frustration. He asks them to join them on the Professor's behalf, despite Bobby's objections. Pietro says that they would be betraying their father, even in death. Scott answers that Magneto was a madman, just like Pietro himself admitted. Quicksilver remarks that the professor is mad as well. He and the X-men have no concept of the daily horrors mutants have to endure every day. They are safe at their school, pretending to be human. Cyclops says that they are all human. Not wanting to fight anymore Wanda tells Quicksilver to listen to somebody else for a change. Pietro kneels down and wonders if Wanda is right. At that same moment a cry of: "Die, Mutant!" is heard. A marine has fired his gun at Wanda. Quicksilver manages, in one move, to catch the bullet and knock the soldier down. As he is showing Scott the bullet, a symbol as to why they can't join the X-Men, he tells Wanda to take a deep breath. The Scarlet Witch knows this means they're leaving, she says goodbye to Scott and kisses him on the mouth. Later that night the twins are sitting at the top of a Washington skyscraper. Wanda asks Pietro if they are wrong. Quicksilver answers that they are not, humans will never change. They turned their backs on their father and it cost him his life. They will never do that again. Wanda remarks that Pietro hated Magneto. Quicksilver snaps and grabs Wanda's arm. He says he loved their father and that he loves her too. Wanda, shocked by the sudden revelation, runs away. Quicksilver is left alone and begins to talk to the helmet as if it was his father. He wishes that wherever he may be, that it be far away from this land. He prays that he will be in a better world. Picking up the helmet, he examines it and puts it on. In that moment a tear falls from his eye. 