Somewhere in a bad part of New York city a little girl watches from a car, how her mother, her boyfriend and another man are arguing about money they owe him. Finally the man draws his gun and shoots them. As the girl screams, he notices her. He tries to open the car, but it is locked. Displaying superhuman strength, he suddenly destroys the window by smashing through it with his oddly-shaped head. The panicked girl opens the door and escapes his grip, always holding fast to her stuffed animal, although she loses one shoe in the process. Later, in another part of New York, Remy leBeau a handsome, but shabbily dressed young man with red on black eyes, entertains a captive audience with card-tricks, using among other things his abilities to levitate cards. And – in order to impress a lovely lady – he charges an ace of hearts, burning away the card and leaving only the heart.. The woman gives him phone room number of her hotel room, but asks him to come by a little later. Remy good-humoredly realizes that she doesn’t want to be seen with him.  While the crowd has dispersed, the little girl is still there looking up at him, Remy tells her to go to her parents. She runs after him and asks him to come with her to see her mother and her boyfriend by the water. Remy, still friendly, but not taking her seriously, explains not this time, ok? She starts crying and tells him she needs him as he can do magic. Suspicious, Remy asks why? So he can bring her back to life, the girl explains to the shocked youth.  She takes him to the site of the murder, where the bodies are being taken away by the coroner. Remy asks the girl, whether she has any relatives – an aunt Elizabeth, in Las Vegas – to far for Remy to take her. He’ll have to take her to the police, even though he’s not a fan of them. She hysterically asks him to bring them back with his magic, until he hugs her and promises to find a way. From another rooftop the killer, dressed in a police jacket, watches the two of them. Later, the little girl runs in front of a shop assistant carrying some chicken into the shop. The man is horrified and believes he ´s hurt her, unaware that he’s the victim of a scam, as Remy liberally helps, himself to the unattended food. Gambit worriedly asks her, if she’s ok, and she tells him it was only pretense. He grabs her and runs away from the furious clerks. She later explains that her mother told her lying is bad. He tells her, she has to work with him, at least until he figures out what to do with her. They’re interrupted by two men from the Salvation Army (or a similar Christian group), who offer them a place to stay. Gambit rudely brushes them off, and explains to the girl, he doesn’t like God or his mercies. He leads her into the underground, where he stays in a rundown train carriage. The girl almost gets killed on the way, by reaching out for a incoming train. The girl reacts hysterically, when Remy angrily shouts at her, believing he will hit her and Remy remembers his own past, when he was physically abused by his father. He hugs the child and tells her, he would never hurt her. He suggests some music, but by that time, she is already falling asleep. When Remy wakes up later, he is alone. He finds a note telling him, that he shouldn’t look for her. He tears it apart furiously and screams while the energy of his powers crackles around him… 