As Magneto flies to Washington DC with his contigent of Sentinels, Logan tells Jean his real purpose to enter the X-Men. He explains her that he came to kill Xavier, but fell for his big idea. By the looks of it (Jean is commanding a candlestick telekinetically to shove it up his...) she didn't buy the idea, but his mentally disturbed by Prof. X's warning to all Washington about the incoming Sentinels. He says that he and his X-Men will try to do everything they can to protect them. At the Savage Land, Cyclops is leaving but Wanda and Pietro warn him that he can't stop Magneto. Quicksilver says that he isn't fast enough, and Cyke replies that he isn't, but Quicksliver is. He tells him to stand up against his father. At Washington, the Sentinels attack, Jean Grey is commanding the operations, while helping Bobby and Ororo deal with the Sentinels. Hank and Piotr are on crowd control. As Colossus is fighting a Sentinel, Marvel Girl psy-bolts another and Ororo summons a ball-lightning, Wolverine appears in scene to help Xavier.  In front of the White House, Magneto warns the world that "the creature regarded as the most powerful man alive just licked my boots clean" and that they have to obey him, or become mutant food-stuffs. He then sends a car towards the president, but the car splits apart before hiting him. Prof. X arrives at the scene and a furious Magneto shoves him off his wheelchair. Meanwhile, Beast his rescuing a kid while being attacked by Sentinels, until Iceman freezes them. Magneto gets a load of guns that the security officers have and points them to Xavier. He asks if Prof. X has any last words, but the reply is "I have my suspicions that you've just uttered yours" as Wolverine stabs him in his back. Magneto asks him what is he doing, and Wolverine tells him that Xavier showed him the best option for the Humans-Mutants conflict. Magneto throws him a tube thru his back and activates every nuclear missile on the world. Quicksilver arrives at the scene and goes toward his father to try and stop him. When he removes his father thought-proof helmet, Charles enters his mind and makes him a super magnet, attracting all the metal pieces and body parts of the Sentinels and surrounding him with them. Finally, the ball of metal explodes in with a brilliant light. Back at the institute, Cyclops is back again, Wolverine is leaving to handle some unfinished business elsewhere ("Don't look so disappointed, Mr. Summers"), and he and Professor Charles go to the mansion garden to have a little drink. Xavier tells him that PHASE ONE of his master plan went well, but "PHASE TWO promises to be a lot more interesting". 