Four gangsters busy with a game of Poker (And fighting about the rules) are interrupted by a furious Remy. They don´t take him seriously, making condescending remarks about his Cajun background. He describes the girl he´s looking for, the murderer of her mother (and probable kidnapper) and the case. When the men mock him, he attacks them with charged cards. Finally one of them – Patch – gives in – the man Remy is looking for is Hammerhead – an enforcer of the crimelord Allan Silvermane. Remy puts away his card and leaves. Another gangster threatens Patch for snitching. The two furiously shoot at each other. Back on the street, Remy suddenly finds himself addressed by a bald man in a wheelchair accompanied by a white-haired girl – Prof Xavier and Storm of the X-men. Xavier offers him a place in his school. Remy cynically insinuates, that the Professor has ulterior, sexual motives. Storm angrily snaps at him, but Xavier tells him he understands his fears, should he change his mind call him, and gives him his card. Gambit takes the card, but coldly tells them that he has a habit of losing cards. Remy enters the lobby of Silvermane Enterprises which is a swanky skyscraper. When the receptionist asks him, if she can help him, he answers no and throws a charged-up card at the office door. He asks an employee injured by the explosion, whether he´s Hammerhead. The man draws his weapon, Remy throws another card at him and threatens the men until the man tells him where Hammerhead and the girl are. Remy goes to the address the guard gave him, a run-down factory crying out Hammerhead´s name. Hammerhead answers from a bridge above, telling him he admires his moxy and that he killed the girl yesterday, as Gambit finds himself surrounded by armed men.  Hammerhead adds that he only let Remy live so far, because Silvermane owes Nathaniel Essex a favor. Apparently Remy wasn´t always a knight in white armor.  Things change, the boy answers and throws charged-up paper at the men around him. Amid the explosions he shouts Hammerhead´s name, threatening him.  Hammerhead rushes him and intends to beat him to death and then, he adds, he´s going to go into the backroom and slit the girl´s throat – revealing that he lied before – with Remy´s useless trick cards. The power´s not in the cards, Gambit answers, as he puts his hand into Hammerhead´s mouth and charges him up, till he explodes. He then frees the girl, whose stuffed toy held the diamonds the gangsters were looking for and takes her to the Salvation Army people from last issue, telling them he has powerful enemies. She wants to stay with him and she cries. Remy distractss her, to stop her crying, and asks whether she´d like to fly with her umbrella. He tells her to close her eyes, think herself light, charges up her umbrella and up she goes. The girls sinks down again and asks whether they can do it again, but he´s already gone. Later she cries herself to sleep, wondering what she did to make him leave, when suddenly a charged up ace of hearts appears in the air, explodes – till only the heart is left. 