While the Sentinels search New York for mutants, Ororo, Piotr and Bobby are taking a break and talking about the School and their new comrades. Piotr says that he's starting to like the school. He talks about Scott who is a bit intense sometimes, but "he's surprisingly funny once he drops all barriers" and "who couldn't like a telepath that fires dirty jokes to your head when Prof. X is being serious". At last, Ororo talks about Wolverine, who none of them have got to know yet, because of the way he looks at them. Colossus remarks that it's problably his Black Ops training and that if something was fishy about him, Prof. X would be the first to know about it. Surprisingly, when we turn the page, we see Marvel Girl calling all the X-Men, as Wolverine is murdering Cyclops. He uses Cyclops optic blasts to shoot Jean, and they he breaks Cyke's neck. Beast tries to "persuade" Wolverine to stop, but he is killed too. As the other X-Men appear, Wolverine rips through them. Professor X makes a sarcastic remark and Wolverine looks to him. The scene fades and we see Logan, Jean, Scott, Prof. Xavier and Henry in the new Danger Room, where Wolverine was training. Prof. X remarks that he is surprised that Wolverine stayed with them so long and Cyclops asks why is that. Wolverine, remembering his conversation with Magneto, simply replies "The scenery, bub, the scenery" while looking to Jean. Iceman enters the room and asks them if any of them as seen the news. It looks like the daughter of the President was kidnapped and that Magneto is responsible. In a television broadcast, he says that if any other mutant is killed by a sentinel, the girl will also be.The team is happy that the Sentinel Program is stopped, but they don't think that this is the best way to do it, so they decide to go rescue her, Wolverine decides to tag along. In Croatia, the X-Men prepare themselves to rescue the girl. In a house, the Brotherhood is waiting for their transport to the Savage Land to arrive. The foundations of the house start to rumble with a little help of Colossus. Beast enters the house, grabs the girl and leaves using one of Iceman's ice slides directly to a car driven by Cyclops. As they drive away, Quicksilver uses his hyperspeed to remove the car keys and stop them. Cyclops blasts him away and tries to out run him, Wolverine appears and, after a little talk, slashes him. Toad uses his jump to stop Cyclops and Storm, but while he is trying to do the same to Iceman he is frozen. Storm finishes him with her "trusty old size eights". Iceman realizes the girl is gone, and while Cyclops starts to get preocupied, Wolverine tells him that he has the girl. While escaping Scarlet Witch's hex bolts, he and Marvel Girl telepatically prepare the escape route, which is Wolverine jumping a cliff and Marvel Girl getting him airborne and into the Blackbird. They succeed, even though the car Wolverine used landed upside-down in the Blackbird's hangar. In that time, Colossus sees Magneto arrive and Cyclops gives the order to leave the place before anyone gets hurt. Storm says that it is too late and that Beast is dead... 