No More.Professor X Krakoa:The hall is staffed by Beast, Storm, Trinary and the Stepford Cuckoos. Magneto and Xavier wearing a Cerebro helmet join them. Xavier asks if they are ready. Beat informs him that they are: Trinary is pooling data from all human resources: Arecivo, a few re-tasked SETI radio telescopes and the Dyson Solar Observatory and, while that still leaves them a good eight light-minutes behind, they have someone at hand who can extrapolate that data into an actionable forecast. Xavier commends him and turns to Storm, who still doesn’t know how this is going to work. Communion, he replies. All eight of them acting as one. He gives the order to begin. The Stepford Cuckoos link their minds, enabling them to function as one mind. With all of them connected, Xavier can project his thoughts into space to reach Jean Grey who is in pain. Should they fear the worst? he asks. Propped up by Monet St. Croix, Jean explains that it’s bad. The ship was attacked. Archangel and Husk are dead. Nightcrawler has some internal injuries and Wolverine is not himself, she sates euphemistically as his left arm’s flesh is burnt off, leaving only metal and bone. Magneto asks if they can complete the mission. Jean hesitates but is interrupted by Cyclops, who is holding the dead body of his friend, Archangel. Yes, they can, he announces, or this was all for nothing. Wolverine groans in pain but agrees. They have to finish this or their enemies will finish them. Cyclops asks Nightcrawler if he can get them in there. Smiling despite his injuries, Nightcrawler agrees. Cyclops decides that Jean and Monet will stay behind to maintain their telepathic connection with Krakoa. The rest of them will disengage the Mother Mold’s control collars and send that thing to a one-way-trip to oblivion. Nightcrawler is to drop them off in each of the sections. Wolverine takes the one nearest to the security hub, Mystique will take the one connected to the habitat, so she can blend in. Nightcrawler and Cyclops will take the remaining two. Afterwards, Kurt will gather them up and then they’ll worry about finding some way out of here. In a part of the station, Omega Sentinel orders the grieving Doctor Gregor to get up. She stresses she is just an observer here but, if Dr Gregor lets grief paralyze her, her husband will have died for nothing. Omega’s words galvanize her and she calls the current head of security, Captain Moore. Gregor informs him she is at the habitat, but he needs to send security team to the other three collars. He agrees and adds he already sent three security teams to breach and board the mutant vessel. Should he have them stand down? No, Gregor begins, but is interrupted by a noise. She asks what that was. Calmly, Omega Sentinel replies, that was the sound of failure. The mutants have disengaged two of the Mother Mold collars – namely Wolverine in sector four (after killing the crew) and Nightcrawler in sector two (who simply took the crew out). Jean and Monet telepathically inform the X-Men on Krakoa that they are halfway there. Xavier warns them the Sentinel drones are going to be there soon. Jean is optimistic but Monet interrupts her that they have to move. They are being boarded. She pushes Jean into an escape pod and tells her she will cover her exit. She isn’t coming? Jean exclaims. Monet replies they have to find someone here or they will immediately start looking for Jean. And Jean has to stay in touch with the team and connected to Krakoa. Jean shouts that, without Monet, she won’t be able to reach Krakoa. Monet needs to come with her! The pod closes. She doesn’t know what to say, Monet scoffs, calling her Marvel Girl. Try harder. The pod is ejected. Monet turns to the attackers and turns into the armored clawed form of Penance, then attacks. Elsewhere, Cyclops takes out the foes and disengages his control collar. He telepathically asks how Mystique, the last, is doing. She is faced by Dr. Gregor and Omega Sentinel. Before Mystique can react, Gregor presses a button. The door between them closes, an airlock opens and Mystique is sucked into space. Dr. Gregor informs the captain that three of the support collars are disabled. She is leaving the one that’s still engaged open to space. She hopes this will keep them off until she brings the Mother Mold online. She is told all the remaining support teams are re-tasked to her aid. Gregor begins the process of bringing the Mother Mold online. Omega Sentinel protests it is too soon. They don’t know if she is going to be sane. Gregor is optimistic and tries to find a point to point translocator of AIM design. Omega ventures Gregor plans to bring the fight to them? Gregor smiles grimly. Cyclops hears that the Mother Mold is being brought online in twenty seconds. He telepathically tells Jean, who passes the news on to Krakoa. Xavier tells them to do whatever it takes. Ten seconds to go. Nightcrawler and Wolverine send to Cyclops that they can get there. He tells them to go. Is he ready? Kurt asks. Wolverine asks if he still thinks there is something waiting for them on the other side. Worrying about his soul? Kurt wonders. Just wondering what someone like him should expect, is the reply. Kurt grabs his shoulder. When he wakes from this earthly slumber, look for him. He will be there waiting for him, radiant and with open arms. He teleports them into the inferno. Nightcrawler is incinerated immediately, but Wolverine holds on. The awakening Mother Mold captures his arm with a wire asking: If man made her, they are gods and mutants are titans, their spoiled lineage. But while they war, the children sit in judgment of those above them. They judge and find them both wanting. Wolverine manages to sever the last ties of the collar. As the Mother Mold falls into the sun, she asks “Do you hear us, Olypmus? We have stolen your fire and with it we will burn you all.” Wolverine too dies. Bravest man he knew, Cyclops who watched mutters, then sends to Jean that she is to inform the professor it is done, which she does. Cyclops promises he is coming for her. He has to get an EVA suit in the hangar, he will make his way to her then use his power to push them into an escape vector. He promises to get her home. One moment later, he is shot by Omega Sentinel. She informs him that the nanites will prevent the use of his power. Through gnashed teeth, he tells her it doesn’t matter, they’ve won. Capturing him means nothing Capture him? Gregor spits. Her husband is dead. She is not in a mood for taking prisoners. Cyclops apologizes to Jean, moments before Dr. Gregor kills him. Jean screams at she senses his death. Moments later, the Sentinel drones arrive and kill her as well. On Krakoa, Charles Xavier weeps and vows no more. 