The present New Xavier School X-Men and the future X-Men have gathered outside the Jean Grey School. Future Colossus explains that Sentinel X should have his baby self and young Jubilee to safety soon. They should begin. Cyclops muses that he doesn’t like this. He wonders about Charles Xavier’s grandson stooping so low as to attack this school which was originally founded by his grandfather.  Future Jubilee unsheathes her energy claws and snaps let’s get in there and gut the son of a bitch! Cyclops is against charging in. They make a plan and stick to it. Ice-Master (the future Iceman) warns Cyclops that he isn’t prepared for how vicious the Brotherhood is. They are former friends who have long since abandoned the rules. And a battle-damaged Jean Grey.  Wiccan senses something and notes that the two original X-Men who were with them – Iceman and Beast – are gone. And so is Psylocke Moments later, the north-tower lands on them.  Future Xavier thanks Future Beast for that. “Psylocke,” really the shape-shifting Raze, joins them carrying the two unconscious original X-Men. He suggests they hurry getting them back where they belong and then get out of here.  Outside, Wiccan has saved the others. Cyclops changes his attitude. The plan is to take back the school and rescue the original X-Men. He orders Magik inside. Jubilee warns them about the attacking Ice-Hulk (the mindless Iceman clone of the Brotherhood). Phoenix Quentin incinerates the weight he is trying to attack with.  Magik has teleported herself and future Colossus inside close to Beast’s lab. She warns him they know they are here.  Molly Hayes hits them from behind and remarks it’s nice to see the two of them together. He finds himself indifferent, Future Deadpool states. Less talk, she orders, more – gratuitous violence, he finishes her sentence. On it. She makes sure Colossus stays down while he bowls over Magik. He wonders what the world will be like if they never have to deal with the time she unleashed the-- Magik grabs his arm and teleports the two of them outside, up into the air where he falls.  Molly is distracted, allowing Colossus to hit her. Angrily, she hisses she’s been waiting for a piece of him ever since the Stark Tower / Baxter Building war. That’s the difference between them, Colossus retorts. He gives her no thought at all. Bet he does now! she snaps as she punches him. When she thinks of all the times she used to look up to them! Magik appears behind her and pierces her with her Soulword. You do not touch her brother! Outside, present and future X-Men face future Xavier. Instead of going for the X-Men, though, young Xavier controls the grounds, Krakoa, which rises to attack the X-Men.  Xavier muses that he thought Krakoa was a myth. He telepathically informs old Beast and adds Deadpool is no longer with them. Beast replies Raze is just bringing the two missing originals.  Xorn telekinetically lifts unconscious Iceman and Beast and asks what is going on outside. Cyclops and his army of sycophants are here, but Xavier and the others have it under control, she is told. Let’s get this show on the road and fast! Xorn puts the unconscious original X-Men onto the time cube and tells old Beast to send them back. Last chance to change her mind, he suggests. Cute, she replies sourly. He knows she hates cute. She strokes the head of her unconscious younger self and wonders if they ever had a chance. Tears gather in her eyes. Send them home, she repeats.  The machine powers on when Magik attacks, shouting at them to turn it off right now. Never mind, she’ll do it herself! Not really, Xorn replies and attacks her mentally. Go to hell, she tells Illyana, for real this time! What has happened to her? Illyana demands. What could have made her that way? She saw the world for what it really was. What she was trying to save them from, Jean replies. “But you %*$# X-Men never listen!” Hold her steady while he guts her, Raze suggests. No, she has his, Xorn replies.  Outside, the X-Men are struggling against their Krakoa prison. Inside, Xorn is forcing Illyana to hold her Soulsword to her throat, telling her to kill herself. Spoiler… she’s going to eventually.  That moment, the X-Men blast out of Krakoa, surprising Xorn and allowing Magik to teleport away.  Colossus impales Xavier from behind with his Soulsword.  Inside, Xorn angrily calls Illyana a coward for disappearing. Old Beast shouts something is wrong. The young X-Men aren’t being teleported away. Xorn orders Beast to fix the time cube. He tells her it’s fine. It’s not sending them back. She repeats her order to fix it.  Outside, Krakoa spits out the X-Men. Inside, the Brotherhood tests the time cube by sending Raze instead. Old Beast warns him not to show himself or interact. If he feels he was successfully transported, hit the remote control button and he will come back to this exact location to this exact time. To make sure, Raze turns into young Cyclops. Beast starts the time cube. Raze disappears.  Moments later Raze reappears shouting he’s not doing that again. It worked! He saw Charles Xavier in the garden reading. He came right back. Wasn’t more than three minutes.  Jean asks why the original X-Men can’t travel back in time. Old Beast has the theory that their younger selves have created such a complicated space time paradox by coming here and staying here that the normal laws of time and space no longer apply to them. What does that mean? Jean asks.  It means they really screwed themselves, Cyclops, flanked by present and future X-Men, informs them. 