High up in the air, Captain Britain grapples with the mechanical bird, whose talons are digging into his shoulders. Meanwhile, on the startled campus below, Lord Hawk urges his creature to fly higher still. They must not allow the chance for Captain Britain to survive the fall. And, when the symbol of modern Britain falls to his death, it will be an eloquent warning to the greedy and corrupt of this society that their days are numbered. Three blocks away drives an unsuspecting Chief Inspector Dai Thomas, who, like all squad cars, is alerted to come to Thames University. He reasons that this is Lord Hawk, meaning Captain Britain will be close as well. At S.T.R.I.K.E. headquarters, Commander Lance Hunter receives a code red alert from Scotland Yard, regarding the emergency at Thames University. Hunter promises help and orders his people to switch on their view-monitor for the area. They see Captain Britain being carried off by the hawk. That clinches it. Hunter reminds the others that Captain Britain helped them. Now it’s time to repay the debt. They are high above even the London skyscrapers now and Cap is very much aware that soon he is to be dropped. He braces himself for the pain, grabs the bird’s legs and moves his legs upward until they are positioned above the bird’s neck. His shoulders are free now, he completes the flip and now holds onto the bird’s tail without any intention of letting go until they land. Lord Hawk can’t believe that sight. Jacko Tanner in the meantime has figured out that Hawk is controlling the bird via the mechanical box he is holding. Roughly, he takes it away, informing the old man that he is going to catch Captain Britain. He’ll finally prove he’s the better man. Hawk helplessly shouts that he has no right. The hawk is his. Jacko brutally shoves him away, already dreaming of the headline Jacko Tanner! The man who caught Captain Britain! The hawk, in the meantime, is in a crash-dive. Cap holds on for his life, praying that Lord Hawk isn’t intent on sacrificing the bird to kill him. But, as the bird plummets, Cap recognizes it’s Jacko Tanner who’s holding the box. Now, he’s a goner for sure, he thinks bleakly. A moment later, he remembers that, according to the diagrams, he may be able to control the bird manually by prying open the tail section. But, suddenly, Tanner changes the bird’s flight direction. Now they are soaring again and Cap can barely hang on. Grimly, he swears to tear Tanner limb from limb if he gets out of this alive. Suddenly, the hawk changes direction again, diving straight into a football stadium. Cap again tries to pry open the tail section and tries to manipulate the control wires. At the last moment, the bird stops the dive. Nevertheless, they are too fast. Cap lets go, landing hard while the bird crashes into the stadium. Minutes pass, as consciousness slowly returns to the fallen figure and gradually brings into sight his nemesis from Scotland Yard. This time I’ve got you Sonny, Thomas announces triumphantly. Jacko Tanner joins them, announcing that Thomas didn’t capture him, he did. Training his gun on Britain, Thomas tells Tanner to get lost. Another voice announces that this arrest must wait. Captain Britain will be coming with him. 