Hurricane’s warehouse hideout near Heathrow airport: Captain Britain has finally tracked down the villain and presses the attack, intending to take Hurricane out before he recovers his wits. Easier said than done, though, since Hurricane’s armor protects him from Brian’s blows and his wind-blasts push him violently away.  So strong are the wind-blasts, in fact, that Captain Britain is pushed straight through the wall and outside the warehouse. Hurricane then uses his wind-blasts to lift a petrol truck and toss it right at the still groggy Captain. Brian barely evades the truck’s impact and the following explosion. Nearby, the Heathrow airport personnel notices something going on and calls for the fire brigade and a security team. Hiding behind some crates, Cap reasons that the only things he has going for himself against his foe are speed and agility. He’ll have to try and wear Hurricane down. He attacks again, but Hurricane boasts that he doesn’t even feel Cap’s blows through his armor. He shoots again, mocking Brian’s fancy acrobatics as the hero somersaults away. Brian touches down again and hits the villain’s backpack, hoping that there’s a chink in the armor somewhere. He seems to have some measure of success, as Hurricane shouts “no” and all of a sudden his winds go wild. Hurricane presses some buttons at his wrist, intending to compensate for the damage. He then attacks again with his windblasts and Captain Britain, who has lost his quarter-staff, is caught like a leaf in a storm.  Still reasoning that he needs to get to the backpack, Brian lands hard on an active runway, with an aircraft moving fast into his direction. Hurricane uses this opportunity to try out his suction blasts on the plane, trying to pull the plane on top of Brian. The hero runs for his life and makes it just a hair’s breadth before the plane crashes down. He worries about what would happen, should the fuel ignite but Hurricane once more captures him with his wind-blasts not allowing him the opportunity to help. Finally, Brian runs out of air and collapses. Hurricane disperses his winds, admitting that Captain Britain came closer to victory than he knew. Security forces arrive at that moment, but Hurricane easily disperses them and their vehicles with a few wind blasts. He’ll be gone by the time they regroup, he states. But, before he goes, he has a very special fate in store for Captain Britain… When Captain Britain finally regains consciousness, he finds himself chained over the air intake of a Concorde SST. The villain informs him that he plans to start the engines and run them full throttle until Cap’s chains snap – at which point the turbo-jets will make mince-meat of him … 