Gambit and Rogue are sitting in a dinner club that is called Poppa Gumbo. Rogue is crying and Gambit asks her what she is crying about. Rogue tells Gambit that he was right about the gumbo; that it is so hot it makes tears come to her eyes. Gambit reminds Rogue that they had promised each other that, in spite of all that has happened recently; with Illyana's death and the death of Gambit's wife, they both were not going to cry tonight. As Rogue leans to the side of the table with a handkerchief to her face Gambit tells her that he does not want to sound harsh, but crying does not bring back the dead. Rogue straightens back up, saying she was not crying, but was spitting out that horrible gumbo. Gambit laughs long and hard. As he stops, Rogue asks Gambit to please not stop laughing because it has been a long time since she has seen him laugh like that. Soon afterward Rogue asks Gambit why he does not talk about his wife. Gambit changes the subject and he asks Rogue why no one knows her real name? As they stare into each other's eyes, they wonder if either of them can trust the other. At Charles Xavier's mansion, a taxi pulls up to the front door where Moira Mactaggert is waiting on the front steps. She greets the passenger, Banshee, who has just returned from the Canary Islands, where he in turn was searching for Moira. Moira asks Banshee why he did not call the mansion for her to go and pick him up. He tells her that he did not know whether she would pick him up or drop him back again, so he chose to call a taxi. Moira sees that Banshee is sunburned badly and he tells her Irish skin was not made for the Canary Islands, where he has been lately. Banshee also tells Moira that she needs to realize she is human and that being human, she will make mistakes. However, he says, people like him will forgive her, so she needs to get on with her life. Banshee tells her he hopes her new life will include him and he asks her if she is willing to begin at step one again in their relationship. Charles Xavier and the Beast are in the science lab underneath the mansion trying to figure out how Illyana died. Beast apologizes for his not being able to save Illyana and Xavier tells him to not apologize for something that is none of their faults. Beast looks for his glasses and, after realizing they are on his head, notices something on the DNA helix that is on his computer screen. The Beast, after seeing the problem on the screen, tells Xavier that if he wanted to study this new virus better, it seems that soon he will have plenty of new subjects to study. At Westchester County Airport, Jean Grey walks down a flight of stairs worried about how Cyclops, who is waiting on her to pick him up there, will feel when they both meet. However Jean never had to worry about her lover, Cyclops, as when he sees her, he drops the suitcase he is holding and they both embrace in a passionate kiss. Cyclops apologizes for the pain he caused her in leaving without her. She tells him that she forgives him, but only if, from then on, all his problems become hers and they fight for each other instead of hiding their problems from each other. Cyclops asks if they can talk and Jean tells him they will on their way to the mansion. Behind Xavier's mansion, at the Boathouse overlooking the Spuytin Dyvil Cove, Revanche and Psylocke practice stalking one another to see who is the better assassin. Finding themselves too evenly matched the two women decide that they cannot fight one another because they are like mirror images of each other. Appearing suddenly, Wolverine asks them why they want to fight one another when they both know who they are and what their dreams are? Wolverine next asks them if they will fight all the time or just get on with their lives? In the medi-lab of Xavier's mansion, Jubilee sits on the bed that Illyana died in. In tears, she clutches the same "Bamf" doll that Illyana had carried and held with her till she died. Remembering what it was like to be the youngest X-Man, Shadowcat approaches Jubilee, the current youngest, and tries to comfort her. Shadowcat tells Jubilee that she had given Illyana the doll when she was Jubilee's age and now if Jubilee wants to keep, it she can. With that said Jubilee very defiantly throws the doll on the bed and tells Shadowcat that she does not care about the stupid stuffed rag. Shadowcat, walking away, tells Jubilee that it is important to hold on to things in life because they become our touchstones, the reminders of things we have lost. Shadowcat then leaves the room and Jubilee lies back down in the bed holding onto the "Bamf" doll. In Central Park, Rogue and Gambit climb into a hansom cab for a romantic ride through the city. Rogue asks Gambit if he realizes that she is not Cinderella. Gambit tells her that it is okay because the only thing he knows to do with a glass slipper is drink champagne from it. Gambit and Rogue ride for a time talking of how each one feels for the other one. On the way, Gambit tries to kiss Rogue. At the last moment, Rogue stops Gambit and tells him she is scared of hurting Gambit. Gambit tells her not to worry and that this probably helps them in their relationship by bringing them closer emotionally rather than physically. Rogue, seeing Gambit's concern for her tries to tell him her real name. However before she can say it, he stops her and tells her that names are not important, but their lives together are. In the medi-lab of the mansion, Moira and Banshee talk about how both of them have seen too much death in their lives. Moira exclaims that it is not death she is afraid of, because she knows that everyone must one-day die, but it is that all the young ones seem to be the only ones dying. After their conversation, both begin to leave the lab when Cyclops, Charles Xavier, Beast, and Jean Grey meet and greet them. Cyclops shakes Banshee's hand, and welcomes he and Moira back home. Xavier then tells Moira about Cyclops' recent encounter with Mr. Sinister. He tells them since he himself never met Sinister that he does not know him well, though he does know what he has heard from the other X-Men and he knows Sinister to be a liar and a deceiver. Cyclops though takes up for Sinister, telling Xavier that even though Sinister lies, he also tells half-truths. Moira tells Cyclops that there is no need to jump to conclusions and they need to wait for the proper test results. Jean asks the other X-Men, what if Sinister is telling the truth and it was Stryfe who released the deadly virus that killed Illyana? Very soberly, Xavier says that they will do everything in their power to prevent the virus from turning into a plague and hope that it does not kill every mutant on the planet. Back at the boat dock, Jubilee sits alone and grieves quietly by herself. When Wolverine walks up behind her, Jubilee begins to cry. Bending down, Wolverine holds Jubilee in his arms. He tells her that dying is nothing to be afraid of; everyone does that. Living a happy life that should be her goal, and out of everyone he knows she does that the best. In Psylocke's bedroom in Xavier's Mansion, Revanche taunts Psylocke about how a British woman would never decorate her room the way Psylocke has. Psylocke explains that at the time she chose her decorations, it just seemed right. Revanche, with a smirk on her face, tells her that she is sure it did. Psylocke, looking confused, strikes back verbally saying that Revanche may have wormed her way into the mansion, into Psylocke's life, and maybe even the X-Men believe Revanche is Betsy. Revanche rudely interrupts, asking Psylocke why they should not believe her because she really believes she is telling the truth? Psylocke fires back afterwards saying that maybe Kwannon in Betsy's body would know how to lie, cheat, and steal to work her way into the X-Men far better then Betsy in Kwannon's body would know how to. Revanche agrees with Psylocke that perhaps Psylocke could be telling the truth. Cyclops walks into his and Jean's bedroom. In his boxers, as he is ready to go to sleep. Already in bed, Jean asks Cyclops what they're going to do next. He tells her that they will stick together, closer now then ever before. He tells her he believes that if they are both together, no one will ever be able to hurt them. 