(Cuba, 1959)Two Nazi’s are driving through Bayamo in a red convertible looking for a Yankee that one of them saw earlier. He had an eye patch. His colleague doesn’t believe that it could be Nick Fury. That would be impossible. The other replies that he knows what he saw. As they head through traffic, they spot Fury standing on a street corner staring right at them. The car screeches to a halt and one of them, a tall mustachioed man, chases Fury, who makes a run for it. A local tries to tell him he’s stopped in the middle of the street but the driver aims his pistol at him and orders him to back off. His colleague pushes people out of the way as he maintains his distance, following Fury along street after street before getting close enough for a shot. Fortunately for Fury, the bullet misses him and smashes a car window to his left. He then heads through an alley and into a busy street. Leaping over cars, Fury is fitter than the Nazi and the guy waits for his colleague to pull up alongside him. The driver calls his colleague a fat **** and shouts at him to get in. A bus blocks their path but once it passes they see Fury in the distance and they head off in hot pursuit. They follow him into a dark alley where their headlights pick him out of the shadows. By the time they see the two grenades being lobbed into their vehicle, it’s too late. They both leap from the moving car and hit the ground. Fury approaches the driver and stands on his hand, causing him to cry out. The guy looks up to see that Fury is not alone. Fury tells him that on behalf of the United Allied Forces and his pals Dugan and Jones, he finds him and his dead Nazi pal guilty of crimes against humanity and God. Jones translates. “You can run but you can’t hide.” Fury asks him if he has any last words. He replies that the war ended years ago. Fury asks Dugan if that’s true. “Damn, I think he’s right,” he replies. Fury says they were terrible last words. All three aim their pistols at him and he puts his hands together in front of his face and cries that he was only following orders. The three men grin back at him. “Now that’s just unoriginal,” says Nick Fury. The Nazi clenches his fist and tells them that the Reich will rise again. Those are his last words. (present, Barrington, Rhode Island)The Avengers are standing together on a rooftop, staking out a store called Things & Things. Mockingbird is down below in her disguise as a shop worker, whilst the rest of them consider their options regarding their targets. Luke Cage wants to pounce on them and Ben Grimm is with him on that. Wolverine shushes them as Mockingbird radios in. Logan asks if there’s any movement down there, to which Bobbi replies that there’s plenty of that. There are some scary-looking human growth hormone experiments moving all their stuff into the premises. As she welcomes one of the guys to the neighborhood, she smiles and then informs Wolverine that they’ve got themselves a party. She tells him that she’s in position and the doctor can move in. A vehicle pulls up and out steps a dark-haired woman with a short skirt and cloak. Luke asks who that piece of thickness is. He is informed that according to Victoria Hand, she is called Dr. Deidre Wentworth. Luke asks what she is. A doctor of fineness? Jessica reminds him that she’s there. Luke is told that Wentworth is their main target. Her S.H.I.E.L.D. file refers to her as Superia. He shouldn’t sell her short, either. Down below, Superia walks into the store to find her people prepping the place. She approaches a bank of computers that are being set up and grabs a female by the throat, asking if that’s her new office. “If… if you want it to be, Doctor,” she replies, afraid. Superia is informed that it’s not yet wired to go as all her things are still in the trucks. She warns the young lady that it’s important that she dazzles her. Doctor Strange uses Chenzy’s act of self-astral manipulation from the Book of Fire to see what she’s up to. He gather the information he needs and informs the others what he’s witnessed. As expected, Superia has gathered a militia of former H.A.M.M.E.R. agents and is setting up a high-tech installation. “In Rhode Island?” quips Spidey. Wolverine tells them that he’ll distract them while they steal her trucks before they’re unloaded. They should take her down before the operation gets up and running. Iron Fist points out that technically… they haven’t done anything wrong yet. Ms. Marvel agrees. Innocent until proven guilty? Jessica is also in agreement. They haven’t actually done anything yet. Wolverine can’t believe it and, down below, neither can Mockingbird. Luke points out that they’re going to. That’s why they are there. Jessica repeats that they haven’t done anything yet, but Ben Grimm replies that they are going to do something. And does she know how he knows. “Watch this.” He leaps into the air, heading straight for the shop. “Okay,” says Wolverine. “He’ll distract them.” The Thing crashes through the roof of Things & Things and brings the building down after him. He grins and clenches his fists, asking who’s first. Outside, Superia’s gang wonder what’s going on and head inside, leaving the other Avengers to steal the trucks. As Iron Fist, Jessica and Luke Cage approach the trucks, Danny informs them that he doesn’t have a license. Jessica asks how old he is, but Danny replies that he’s never needed one. He’s either lived in K’un L’un or in New York City. Elsewhere, Superia’s gang head inside, weapons raised and warn the intruders that they’re trespassing on private property. They are met with the formidable quartet of Dr. Strange, Thing, Wolverine and Spider-Man. Jessica starts her truck and Danny does likewise, but Luke’s doesn’t have keys. There’s only one thing for it. He gets out and picks up the truck, balancing it above his head. Inside, Superia is informed that it looks like the Avengers. It’s hard to tell. Superia snarls, wondering how they knew they were there. Her gang go into battle with the Avengers, but they are totally outmatched. Wolverine and the Thing use muscle and agility, Dr. Strange casts a spell to create a monster which attacks them and Mockingbird uses her athletic prowess to take out two guys at once. Spider-Man sees Bobbi as he leaps into the same room. Guns go off and Spidey quips that he loves the peeuu peeuu noise their weapons make. This distracts Bobbi. She turns to see who it is and is blasted in the stomach at point blank range. Spidey rushes to her aid but he can see how badly she is injured. (Bayamo, Cuba, 1959)Fury heads to a local cantina and grabs a drink. General Hill walks up behind him and asks if he’s enjoying the local color. Fury tells him that he’s ready for his next assignment. He replies that there are those in the intelligence community who believe that his considerable talents are being wasted chasing down yesterday’s news. The war is long over and they won. “It’s over...” replies Fury, “When you says it’s over,” adds General Hill. “I know.” He adds that he was actually told to escort Fury back to Washington and Fury asks if he’s in trouble. Hill asks if he’s done something that would put him in trouble. Fury reckons that if that’s how it worked, he wouldn’t have to ask. Hill informs him that the President asked for him. He needs him to help with a project. He doesn’t know what it is, but it’s called the Avengers Initiative. 