The Surfer attacks Cable and, in their battle, they are tearing Providence apart - but S.H.I.E.L.D. can’t find any casualties of the fight. One of the agents tells Fury that they seem to be restoring everything they are tearing apart at the same time. Cable tries to reason with the Surfer but the Surfer remains silent and continues his attack that takes them through the U.S. fleet.  From Providence, Deadpool accuses Cyclops of shooting him from behind. Cyclops asks if that was not what he did to Bishop and Wolverine. Deadpool admits that he did, but Cyclops is supposed to be a hero! Cyclops tells Deadpool that the Silver Surfer was brought in. In a short dialogue Deadpool recaps who the Surfer is, then leaves to do what he was there to do. On his way a rope falls around his neck and he’s pulled up by the Cat. The Cat tells him to cooperate if he wants to save both Cable and the planet. Deadpool manages to ask how the Cat got there while being strangled. (flashback)  The Cat enters Weasel’s apartment and asks info on Deadpool. Weasel asks who he is and the Cat shows his tattoo.   (present)  Cursing Weasel, Deadpool decides to go along with it and shows the Cat the device they have been assembling throughout the last few days. Cyclops then shows up to stop the two, but all three fall down when Providence itself trembles.  Storm contacts Cyclops to ask what happened. Cyclops thinks that the gravity generators that keep Providence floating had a problem.  Storm tells Domino that their teams should stop fighting: the Six Pack doesn’t need to defend Cable because the X-men are not fighting him. Domino agrees that they should seek out the gravity generators and see if they can repair them. Nightcrawler takes Solo and Domino to the generators. The rest of Storm’s team and the Six Pack will try to save as much people as they can. Cyclops agrees and says that Deadpool, the Cat and he himself will try to stop this by shutting down Cable. The Cat wonders if they would need to; The Surfer seems to be doing fine without their help.  Cable asks the Surfer why he’s trying to stop him, now he knows what Cable is trying to do. But the Surfer does not answer.  (Irene Merryweather-Cable interview, continued)  Cable tells her that he expects to die because his body can’t take the energy that is coursing through it, but before he dies he wants to give humanity a glimpse of a better future. Irene wonders what will happen should Cable die before he can end his plan. Cable can’t think of anybody capable of stopping him, but thinks that, hypothetically, a powerful enough individual could force him to expend his powers before he can end his plan.  (present)  Irene watches from a room in Providence and wonders why Cable didn’t think of the Surfer.  By now, Cable and Surfer have taken their fight to Australia. The constant repairing of their damage is starting to wear Cable out and he wants to end the fight. He uses his telekinesis to break the Surfer’s board and the Surfer crashes into the Sydney Opera House. Cable lands near him and uses his telekinesis to throw the Surfer land-inward. He asks him why he’s doing this. The Surfer finally answers: he can see Cable’s passion. A beam from his eyes removes Cable’s metal arm. The Surfer stands next to Cable, his eyes burning with power and tells him that his passion will lead to a hunger that will consume the world. And he will not allow that to happen.  Providence now starts to fall. Inside the gravity generator room, Nightcrawler has found out that there are no gravity generators. Cable himself is keeping the island afloat.  Nick Fury tells Storm that rescue helicopters and boats are on their way. Dum Dum tells him that they better hurry, because Cable’s power almost flattlined. Next to a fallen Cable, the Surfer reconstructs his board. Cyclops looks at an opening in one of Cable’s devices that looks exactly like the device Deadpool has assembled. He asks Deadpool if Cable tricked them into assembling it. Deadpool basically agrees. The Cat asks what use the device will do now Cable has been defeated. Cyclops thinks it has no use, but Deadpool disagrees and tells Cyclops to trust Cable. Cyclops is not sure he can trust either Cable or Deadpool. Deadpool pulls his sword, but Cyclops blasts it apart. Cyclops is then knocked out by the Cat. Deadpool jokes that this fight lasted as long as Deathlok’s last comic.  The Cat gives Deadpool a final part of the device. Deadpool thought he took all the components the Cat had in Japan, but the Cat replies that Deadpool only took what he allowed him to take. Deadpool is full of admiration. The Cat wonders how Deadpool will get the device to Cable in time. Deadpool bodyslides out.  The Surfer tells Cable that he will now live without his powers and flies off. Cable’s body is teleported away. Dum Dum Dugan wonders what will happen to Providence now.  Rachel tries to keep Providence floating with her telekinesis, but it’s very heavy. At Cable’s safehouse 14 in Switzerland, Deadpool uses the device on Cable. Cable telepathically contacts his sister and tells her that he can keep lower Providence now. He then connects the minds of everybody on Earth so they can look in each other’s hearts and see what the world could be if they just tried a little harder. Providence gentle lands on the ocean.  Irene tells Fury and the X-Men that Cable used the device to teleport parts of his brain that control his higher telekinetic and telepathic abilities, effectively lobotomizing himself. She says that she has posted her article fifteen minutes ago as Cable’s last will and testament. Fury wonders what has happened to Cable.  Deadpool stands over Cable’s unconscious body and asks him to say something. 