Deadpool and Agent X are in mid-fight and mid-fall, each arguing over that the other is copying him. During the fight, they keep trying to prove each is manlier than the other is.   Weasel watches them fight, but is then distracted by the Fixer’s screams. He asks if he needs help, but Fixer says that everything is fine. The Phalanx baby then jumps and attaches itself to Fixer’s face. Weasel tries to pull it off him.  Outside, Deadpool gets up a moment before Alex does and uses his sword to keep Alex down. Inside, Weasel tries to knock the alien baby out with a tennis racket, but hits Fixer instead. Deadpool then shoots the baby and grabs it. Weasel wonders what happened to Agent X and looks out of the window to see Agent X body with his intestines spelling out “Hello, Weasel.” Deadpool says that he knew Weasel would look.  Weasel appreciates the thought, but wants to know how long it will take the baby to heal. Deadpool answers that it will be quick and that they need to take the baby to Cable. Weasel points out that Deadpool forgot where he hid Cable. A random thought by Weasel and Fixer on Weasel’s undamaged Swiss clock makes Deadpool remember that he left Cable’s body at his cabin in Switzerland.  In Safehouse 14 in Switzerland, the Six Pack is frozen around Cable’s floating body, because Cable had telepathically pulled them into his own mind. His own mind is a cartoon-like version of Wonderland and the Six Pack are guests at his tea party. Cable apologizes to them for the way he treated them and is extremely happy and friendly to them all. He tells them that he is about to die and that he is happy to finally stop fighting.  When Domino asks if he’s not going to fight, Cable points out that he has been fighting his whole life. Cable then tells them that, sadly, they are all going to die as well when he dies. G.W. asks how they can escape. Cable answers that they have to hope Deadpool will save them. G.W. and the rest of the Six Pack are less than excited at the idea.  Deadpool and Fixer arrive at the safehouse, and Fixer promptly says that he can fix it. While Deadpool talks about redecorating, Fixer wonders about the Six Pack. Fixer goes to work and, inside Cable’s mind, a vortex is created that sucks in Cable. Cable wakes up and Fixer merges the Phalanx baby with Cable’s techno-organic body parts and notes that the Baby has a mind of its own, but since it is still an embryo Cable shouldn’t have too much problems dominating its mind.  Inside Cable’s mind, the baby is a gigantic monster. Domino tries to convince Cable to fight back, but he’s unwilling. He fought long enough in his mind.  Outside Fixer notes that Cable is gaining control. Deadpool wonders if they can turn his metallic arm into something cool like a giant whisker or a spatula.  Agent X interrupts and tells Deadpool that he wants his pancreas back. Fixer asks Deadpool about it and he admits that while he took the sword to Agent X. He figured, since Alex had once taken a lot of his memories, he might as well take something back. He points out that both of them have a healing factor and Agent X has probably grown a new one by now. It’s all about the principle of the thing. Alex agrees: he is made of all bits and pieces and he wants to keep those bits and pieces.  Deadpool dares him to shoot, saying that he has an immolation charge on his harness rig. It will incinerate the pancreas if Alex shoots. Alex doesn’t believe it, because such a charge would incinerate Deadpool as well. Deadpool lectures Agent X on the proper use of burning harness rigs that have a failsafe release to prevent you from catching fire, flying into Kree-spaceships and blowing up; everybody knows that!  Agent X says that he will give up on his mission if he can get his pancreas back. Deadpool agrees and tries to find out if the US government hired Agent X. Agent X laughs at him. The Chinese and Roxxon are also failed guesses. Agent X gives him a hint: the people who hired him didn’t want Cable resurrected three days after his apparent death. Deadpool wonders if it is Mel Gibson.  Wade notes that Cable’s eye starts to glow again and Cable asks Deadpool to keep talking. His voice is probably the sweetest thing he has ever heard right now. The two of them exchange banter for a while, then Deadpool asks if the alien is tamed now. Cable confirms it. Deadpool wonders what is going to happen to the still unmoving Six Pack. Cable can’t read their minds, but doesn’t know if it is because his telepathy is gone or her mind. Both Fixer and Agent X are willing to take her home if her mind doesn’t return.  The Six Pack wakes up (and Constrictor immediately falls over, because either Deadpool or Agent have tied his tentacles tightly around him). Cable thanks Fixer and Deadpool. He then turns to Agent X and tells him to tell his employers that he is no threat to them. Agent X doubts that they will listen, but will relay the message. G.W. asks Cable what he will do now. Cable replies that he will go to a small island that may be very important one day.  One week later, Nick Fury asks Cable about the 2,000 immigrants Providence gets each day. Cable confirms that he will honor them all. Nick Fury keeps talking about Providence not being a country, so S.H.I.E.L.D. being unable to actually do anything about Providence for now - and Cable being lucky to be alive. Cable simply replies yes to each question. Nick Fury leaves with the advice to Cable not to push his buttons.  Irene tells Cable that S.H.I.E.L.D. could crush them if they wanted to, that he needs time to rest and show the world that he is not going to be trouble again. Finally, she asks if he is still going to keep pushing their buttons. Cable replies yes to all her questions as well. 