Deadpool walks through a hall in Singapore airport, not noticing that everybody but him has turned bright pink. Only when somebody asks him why he isn’t pink, does he notice the change.  At the Sunic Pharmacopoeia in Singapore, Kruch asks Cable why he turned everybody pink. Cable mocks Kruch with his own words and says that it’s such a placid color. Kruch is shocked and accuses Cable of manipulating him all along. Cable tells him that he did it only after he realized the possibilities Kruch’s plan had. Kruch asks Cable if he wants to rule the world. Cable restores the building to its exact state and replies, “not exactly,” and flies away.  Deadpool arrives at Sunic in a cab and asks everybody for guns after making some jokes about medicine side effects that nobody gets. He asks them where Cable went and they point up in the air, then he notices Kruch who tries to sneak away.  At the Daily Bugle, Irene receives a phone call from Hammer. Hammer asks her why she told him everybody would turn blue. Irene admits that she was off on the color, but it wasn’t easy to predict Cable. On her desk her computer displays two front-page articles opened: one that proclaims Cable a savior, the other a subjugator. A post-it note on the screen with Cable’s advice to think five steps ahead is posted. Hammer disagrees with Irene: for him it’s very easy to predict Cable. Just think what is the right choice and then take the exact opposite. Irene asks Hammer to forget his bad history with Cable and help her save Cable from himself. She gives him the phone numbers of Sunic in Singapore and of Asahiri Aoki in Frankfurt.  Over the Pacific Ocean, Cable raises a part of his space station Greymalkin. Another part is found in the Australian Outback and yet another one in Argentina. The S.H.I.E.L.D. helicarrier is monitoring him and Nick Fury remembers how he was on the station when it was destroyed. One of the technicians reports that other pieces are being recovered by Cable.  When the space station is restored and hovering in the clouds, Cable telepathically contacts Irene. He tells her that her plan won’t work: he has noticed Hammer hacking Aoki’s medical files and Sunic’s files. Irene says that she is trying to help him and what he’s doing is wrong. Cable says that she won’t be able to override the virus, but not to worry, because it will only be temporary. Irene doesn’t understand but asks Cable to meet her face to face, because the telepathy gives her a headache, all the while she looks at the gun in her desk drawer. Cable says that he has restored his teleport matrix and that he can be there within a single word. He bodyslides to the Daily Bugle.  Deadpool is talking to Kruch in a bar while they play “guess-the-ethnicity.” It convinces Kruch that his plan would not have worked. Deadpool then disappears. At the Daily Bugle, both Cable and Deadpool reappear, their bodies merged together. They rip clear of each other and heal their bodies. Irene uses Cable’s moment of weakness to point her gun at him. She tells him that Hammer had guessed that something like this would happen: Cable and Deadpool were bonded on a genetic level when they traded blood. Cable asks if she’s planning to shoot him.  Deadpool then jumps and grabs the gun, telling Cable that she planned that he would shoot Cable. Cable teleports out of the way of the bullet and the two arrive merged again on his space station. Cable then tells the computer to teleport 2 people. This works and the two of them arrive, unmerged, at the Daily Bugle again. Deadpool is surprised for a moment, so Cable hits him and shoots him several times. The Bugle staff looks shocked. Cable, tiredly, asks them why they are shocked when they saw Wade healing within seconds before; those bullets won’t hurt him.  Cable uses the few seconds he has to telekinetically remove the Façade Virus, turning everybody normal again. Irene asks him why he did this when he had control over the virus all along: Cable answers her by closing the subjugator-headline on her computer and saving the savior-headline. The Daily Bugle appears the next day, proclaiming Cable to be the savior of the human race by stopping the virus.  A few weeks later, Cable shows up at Deadpool’s hideout to apologize: curing the virus has turned Deadpool’s restored skin to its previous disfigured state. Deadpool doesn’t accept the apology, he’s too angry with Cable: Cable walked away from it all stronger, a worldwide hero and with a city floating in the air, while Deapool just got one thing. He demonstrates what it is, by bodysliding him and Cable to Greymalkin. Cable says that he will find a way around that sooner or later.  Deadpool tells him not to bother: for him this is a perfect opportunity to barge in on Cable whenever he wants and make his life miserable. Cable asks Deadpool if he’s threatening him. Wade replies that Cable won’t be able to stop. Cable asks if Deadpool is going to stop him. Deadpool doesn’t reply, but teleports back. He tells Cable to leave. Cable tells him that it doesn’t have to be that way and leaves. The phone next to Deadpool rings. He answers it and replies with a lot of  “yeah’s and one “no.”  At the S.H.I.E.L.D. Helicarrier, Fury tells Bridge that Deadpool said no. Bridge is not surprised. Fury is a bit. Hammer tells them they are better off without Deadpool. Bridge isn’t convinced: after talking to Irene, he thinks they could have used Deadpool and his special link to Cable. At that point, somebody tells Bridge that there are other ties to Cable: bloodties. Cyclops and the X-Men step into the light and promise Fury that the X-men will stop Cable. 