At a Long Island Genetech Lab, Deadpool is fighting with the security and is highly insulted that he doesn’t warrant any mutates, enhanced attack dogs or even Barry Bond or Jason Giambi with baseball bats. He’s even more insulted when the guards run straight to the device he’s looking for instead of trying to trick him. He flips over several security guards and lands near the scientist, Rosen, who is giving the orders. The guards give up and Rosen tries to warn Deadpool that the device he’s stealing could cause serious damage to the planet, but Deadpool doesn’t care.  Deadpool leaves the building, feels a sting in his neck and falls down. The Cat appears and grabs the device, which he calls a Chronal Vacuum Filter. Before he can do anything, though, he’s distracted by an optic blast, disarmed by the Beast and then knocked out by a second optic blast. Wolverine complains that he wanted to fight the Cat, but Cyclops tells him they don’t have any time. Emma asks what to do about Deadpool. Cyclops wants Beast to tell him that they can leave him, but Beast points out that would be unethical. Cyclops sighs and complies.  (another Irene Merryweather Cable-interview)  Irene asks how humanity will react to Cable’s gifts. Cable lists the actions various groups have taken against them, but maintains that the average person is welcoming his changes. Irene is dubious about Cable’s claims that he can get people on the road to getting whatever they want, because he would have to change human nature. Cable thinks these changes are an eventuality and can be achieved with long, hard work. Irene wonders why he doesn’t just use his telepathy, but Cable says he can’t and won’t go down that road.  Irene thinks it sounds like socialism. Cable replies that there are many ways to structure a society and each of them has some merit. One doesn’t need to take the bad sides of each system along with the good, though; a combination of systems is possible. The discussion turns to American politics and Cable wonders how they ended up with a system where the fringes make up the policy for the middle majority. He tells her that his base, Providence, has been opened and welcomed a few thousand of the planet’s greatest minds. He tries to make clear that he’s aware of the threats against him, but that he isn’t rushing to instigate violence. Irene wants to know what happens if he’s going to be attacked.  (present)  Elsewhere, a jet plane called the Psi-Skimmer leaves the S.H.I.E.L.D. helicarrier, carrying the Six Pack. Reaching Providence, they jump from the craft, onto the floating station. Still piloting the jet, Hammer tries to use a Psi-pulse to keep them shielded from Nathan’s telepathy, but automatic defense systems attack them. Bridge is saved by Constrictor, who tells him that he’s not getting paid enough. Bridge offers his part of the reward and Constrictor accepts, but adds that is until Cable makes a better offer.  Bridge asks Hammer for status report. Hammer replies that the civilians are being protected and Cable is maintaining his position. Bridge orders Solo to attack. Solo teleports behind Cable and shoots at him, but the bullets bounce of the telekinetic shield and Cable throws him from the station.  Domino tells Bridge that Cable is going to kick their butts. Bridge bets her that Cable isn’t going to harm her. Cable appears and says that he’s taking that bet and wants to know why they are there. Domino wonders if their answer will make any difference and Cable replies that it will only matter in how sore they will be when they wake up again. Anaconda then attacks Cable, but he throws her all the way to the Chrysler Building. Bridge wants to know what he has done to her. Cable tells him that he no longer kills anymore and that Hammer should transmit the images his SpEyes (small spy drones) have been receiving from all over the city.  Cable, Bridge and Domino are looking out over Providence where people are talking and making music. Cable wants to know what they see. Bridge sees a floating fortress capable of attacking any country in the world. Domino sees Cable trying to do something good, but notes that Cable screwed up every single thing and person in his life. Cable can’t deny that and tells them that he wanted to show them he had nothing to hide and that any of them are welcome to stay, but if they try this again he’ll throw them in the ocean. Domino tells Cable that they were only recon and Cable concludes that the heavy stuff is coming. Bridge says that the weight of the world will be on his back and that it almost makes him wish back for the mercenary days. Hammer doesn’t think so, but Domino does. Domino wonders about Deadpool, but Cable doesn’t think Wade will be a problem.  At the X-mansion, Deadpool looks at his new X-men outfit and screams. Wolverine tells Beast that he lost the bet. Deadpool wants to know what the bet was. Wolverine says that it was whether he would hurl or honestly believe he was part of the team with this new uniform. Deadpool wonders if he can be part of the team, because Kitty is getting “totally ripe.” An adamantium claw on the right and one on the left side of his face convince him otherwise. Beast tells him that they have a debriefing. Deadpool wonders if that means they are going to swap underwear and wants to refuse until he remembers that Emma Frost is part of the team.  Cyclops recaps their plan so far: Deadpool was hired by the X-Men to obtain eight components that survived the destruction of Cable’s old base, Greymalkin. Combined these eight components can stop Cable’s plan. Wade just wonders where the “telepathic thong-chick” is. Cyclops replies that Emma is using Cerebra to shield the conversation from Cable’s telepathy. Deadpool says that it would be easier to have this conversation inside his head. Cyclops and Beast look at him puzzled. Wade explains that his cellular structure is in constant flux and therefore his mind is unreadable to Nathan. It also explains his rapid personality and moodshifts.  Beast wonders if Deadpool can teleport into Providence whenever he wants. Deadpool confirms this. The X-Men telepathically try to figure out whether Deadpool is telling the truth: Emma confirms that she can’t read Deadpool’s mind, but Wolverine is kind enough to give her the cliff notes. Wolverine says that Deadpool could sneak in undetected and deliver the device. Emma doesn’t trust Deadpool, but Wolverine says the only get one shot. Beast wonders when they decided that this was a real problem instead of a potential one. Meanwhile, Deadpool starts humming because he isn’t included in the telepathic conversation.  On board the S.H.I.E.L.D. helicarrier, the president wants to know if the Six Pack has contacted them again. Nick replies they haven’t and the president concludes that this mean that they’re lost. Nick disagrees because that would mean presuming Cable used lethal violence. The president wants to know why that would be a presumption. Nick points out that he hasn’t used any force yet and disagrees with any preemptive strike.  The president of Russia says that his people have entrusted him to, but Nick cuts him off and says that he has been entrusted to keep his people safe and attacking Cable would be the exact opposite. Reed Richards wonders if they could try another option instead of military: analysis of Providence and Cable’s mutagenic powers for instance.  Suddenly, Cable and a startled Deadpool teleport into the S.H.I.E.L.D. helicarrier. Cable apologizes to Wade; he needed to make a dramatic entrance. Cable tells the various heads of states that he’s only doing what they should have done and that they are still trying of a way to stop him and crush the hope of billions of people. Nearby, Deadpool greets the president and wants to know where Dick is.  Cable then delivers his ultimatum: they have 48 hours to destroy their weapons or he’ll throw them all into the sun himself. He teleports out again and Deadpool turns up back at the X-mansion. Beast agrees with the others that Cable has become a real problem now. Deadpool is glad to kick ass again and hopes he gets a badge or an X-I.D.-card or something. 