Iceland,where Magneto aims the Blackbird at the Inhumans and mutants who battleeach other on snow-covered terrain, while Storm hovers in the air,“possessed” by Mosaic. Queen Medusa tells herself that this isn't about Terrigen – Havok told her. It's about Emma. Emma and Scott. As the young Ms Marvel moves towards Emma Frost, Emma exclaims 'Just look at them all. This is perfect'. Upon a hillside nearby, the royal Inhumans have arrived. Medusa issurrounded by Black Bolt, Crystal, the Human Torch, Karnak, Lockjaw,Reader, Flint, Synapse, Naja and Frank McGee. 'MUTANTS!' Medusa shouts.Magneto hears her and turns to the royals, using his power to move theBlackbird towards them. 'Crystal. Johnny. If you please' Medusa asks hersister and lover. Crystal directs shards of ice upwards towardsMagneto, while the Human Torch launches a fireball towards theBlackbird, causing it to explode. A large chunk of ice slams intoMagneto as Crystal exclaims 'That's for destroying my ship'. Themutants regroup as Iceman, Rogue, the female Wolverine, Old Man Logan,the Stepford Cuckoos, the time-displaced Beast and Angel and theSentinel called Cerebra gather around Emma, who tells them that they canstill win this, that Black Bolt can't use his voice. She adds thatMagik and Nightcrawler will bring reinforcements, so they just need tohold on. Emma turns to the Cuckoos and instructs them to take control ofthe non-royals and turn them to their side. She reminds them that itworked in Madrid, so it should work here. Emma adds that she will takeJohnny Storm and soon his little mind will become hers. 'And then...well, no one likes the smell of burning hair, but needs must' Emmaremarks. Rogue tells her that she thought they were here to rescueForge, not kill Inhumans. 'Oh, Rogue, you poor naive dear... it wasalways going to be both' Emma replies as she and the Cuckoos take over the minds of the Human Torch, Inferno, Grid and Quake. 'Gah!Johnny! What are you doing?' Crystal exclaims, throwing up a deflectiveelemental force field around herself and Medusa to protect them fromthe flame funnel he directs at them. Quake knocks back Frank McGee,while Grid attacks Reader and Synapse. 'That's not Johnny. Emma has him.She has them all' Medusa explains. Through Storm's eyes, Mosaicsees what is transpiring below. 'What the hell?' he wonders, beforedeciding that he will try to cool things down. But as he start's to useStorm's power, Naja leaps at Storm. 'Naja! Wait! I'm not Storm, I'mMosai-' Mosaic tries to call out, but Naja knocks Storm unconscious. Aninstant later, Magik teleports into the battle with Psylocke, Archangeland Glob Herman. 'They took out Storm? Not good' Archangel remarks,while Psylocke sees that Magneto has been taken out, too. 'What are wesupposed to do?' Glob asks. 'My God, could it be any more obvious? Fightthem!' Emma shouts. Magik and the others enter the battle, and Emmawalks away from them, 'What do they need? Engraved #$%&$%invitations?' she mutters to herself. Suddenly, Black Bolt leapsat Emma, but Emma spins around and shoves her diamond-hard arm throughhis chest. 'What?' the Human Torch utters, while Black Bolt hangs fromEmma's arm, and Emma tells him that he was too slow, but that heshouldn't lose sleep over it, as most are. Suddenly, Emma is knockedover and Black Bolt falls from her arm as Lockjaw teleports on top ofher, with Karnak riding Lockjaw. He tells Emma that she is flawed.'Flawed? Flawed? I'm perfect, you weird little -' Emma replies as Lockjaw quickly teleports away with Black Bolt and Karnak. Anotherportal opens and Colossus and Havok appear. Colossus tells Havok thatthis is completely out of control. Havok remarks that Colossus soundssurprised, and remarks that he isn't, as it was Emma's idea right fromthe start. Havok then unleashes a powerful energy blast. Psylocke,Old Man Logan and the female Wolverine back Medusa, Reader and FrankMcGee up against an ice-covered slope. Psylocke tells Medusa to give itup. 'I have a sword. You can't beat me with hair' she points out. 'Oh?'Medusa replies, wrapping her around Psylocke's waist, she pulls Psylockein close to her, and with hair bound around her own arm, Medusa punchesPsylocke's face. 'You'd be surprised' Medusa replies. Medusa standsover Psylocke as Reader, who goes up against Wolverine, tells her thatthey need to go, as they are losing. 'They keep teleporting in moremutants, and those damn psychics can turn our own people against us!'Reader calls out. 'No! They attacked our home, Reader! We have to showthem here and now – never again!' Medusa responds. Reader'svisor lights up as he tells Medusa that they have no choice, as BlackBolt is down, and even if he wasn't, he doesn't have his voice. 'Wedon't have the numbers!' Reader exclaims – when suddenly, a largeblimp-like aircraft appears through the nearby Terrigen Cloud. 'Don'tsuppose that thing's on our side?' Old Man Logan asks as he battlesFrank McGee. 'Sorry, Bub. That's Ennilux' Frank McGee announces. Lookingup at Ennilux, Medusa declares that it is Ahura – her son! On thedeck, Ahura can be seen with Forge, Iso, Moon Girl and Devil Dinosaurand several Ennilux soldiers. 'For Inhumanity! For Ennilux!' Ahurashouts, as Ennilux opens fire, blasting down to the snow-coveredlandscape below and striking Archangel, Nightcrawler, Iceman, Psylockeand Colossus, who urges everyone to get to cover. 'Hello, mother' Ahuracalls out as he is lowered on a platform towards Medusa. Medusa thanksher son, and adds that she didn't think he would get involved. She askshim what convinced him to finally commit Ennilux to the Inhuman cause?Ahura reveals that he almost didn't – as he thought his parents couldhandle themselves. 'I might have been a bit generous there' Ahuraremarks, adding that this isn't really about the Inhumans. 'It's about them' Ahura points out as he motions to Old Man Logan and Wolverine, who have been taken down by Frank McGee and Reader. 'What?The X-Men? I don't -' Medusa starts to reply, but Iso rushes over toher and tells her that this isn't what she thinks, informing her thatthe mutants didn't attack them for revenge – or at least not completely.Iso reveals that the Terrigen saturation levels are reaching a criticalpoint in Earth's atmosphere, so if the mutants can't destroy the cloudnow – they will die. Watching as the battle rages, Medusa asks why the mutants didn't just tellthem this, as they would have found a solution, and it didn't have tobecome this. Iso explains that the mutants didn't think they had time tonegotiate, and weren't sure she would agree to destroy the cloud. MoonGirl stands in front of Medusa and holds up a small device. She tellsMedusa that when they found all that out, they went to Ennilux and askedAhura to help her and Forge make this. 'It's a teeny tiny Terrigeneater. Press the red button, you get a chain reaction. Bye-bye,Terrigen... everywhere' Moon Girl announces, while Medusa looks at thedevice. Emma watches some distance away from the battle as theTerrigen Cloud moves in closer. 'Here it is, my darling – the end, atlast' Emma utters. 'I'll see you soon' she quietly adds. Iso tellsMedusa, who holds the device, that it is too big a call for them, andthat they have only been Inhumans for a little while. 'You understandwhat this will mean to our people in ways we just... can't. The decisionisn't ours to make' Iso explains. 'You're right, Iso...' Medusareplies. 'No... NO!' Magneto shouts as the Terrigen Cloud engulfs Cerebra and moves inches away from him.  '...it's mine'Medusa realizes as she clicks the button on the Terrigen eater device. Ared beam is emitted from Ennilux towards the Terrigen Cloud. Themutants and Inhumans shield their eyes from a brilliant light thatfollows as the Terrigen Cloud begins to vanish – eventually clearingfrom all over the planet Earth. Storm wakes, and looks up at thesky 'By the Goddess... it's over' she utters as everyone around her,including Sabretooth, Magneto, the time-displaced Jean Grey, Beast andAngel, Crystal, Iceman, Gorgon, Karnak, Emma Frost, Ms Marvel, Inferno,Quake and the Human Torch stands and looks. 'Why are you allstopping? We can end them!' Emma Frost screams, with Iceman, Mystique,Rogue and Colossus nearby. The time-displaced Cyclops watches as Stormflies over to Emma and tells her that it is done – they have achievedtheir goal. 'No, Ororo. We most certainly have not. These alien Inhumanmonsters just get to walk away? Absolutely not!' Emma declares,reminding Storm that they killed Cyclops, and asks her if she hasforgotten that. 'Where is our revenge for that?' Emma asks.  Cyclopssteps forward and announces that it is a lie, and informs Storm thatCyclops died long before Madrid, and that Emma made them think he wasstill alive – everything they saw was really her. 'Black Bolt didn'tkill Cyclops. He died in an accident, before we knew that Terrigen couldhurt mutants. Before anyone knew' the young Cyclops explains. 'Emma – tell me that's not true. All those months of distrust and fear... Alchemy's death... why?'Storm asks. Emma tells her that it is what Scott would have wanted,that she knew him better than anyone else, that she could read his mindeven when she wasn't reading his mind. 'It's what he would have wanted'Emma declares, adding 'So is this' as she presses a button on a smalldevice, and there is a loud BOOM in the sky overhead. Storm andthe others look upwards as several objects are thrust towards thesnow-covered terrain, landing near the Inhumans and mutants, forminglarge craters in the snow. 'Medusa? What should we do?' an Inhuman asks.Archangel and Old Man Logan stand ready, as Logan mutters that it isnever over. Suddenly, a large hand emerges from one of the craters – andfour large Sentinels pulls themselves up onto the snow. Emma Froststands in front of the Sentinels and exclaims 'Mutants live in fear.It's almost our defining characteristic. Everything wants us dead.Sentinels in particular. An entire class of machines, designed solely toexterminate us'. One of the Sentinels lowers a large hand to thesnow and Emma steps onto it, looking at Storm and Cyclops, she explainsthat you can flip a  switch or two, make a few adjustments and suddenly,your mutant-killers get a taste for Inhumans. She supposes that theirspecies aren't all that different when it comes right down to it. TheSentinel raises its hand as Emma calls out 'Fear, Medusa...tell me howit tastes'. Suddenly, the Sentinels open fire at the large blimpsoverhead, and Ennilux bursts into flames. Emma laughs as she watches theflames and destruction, and wonders why she didn't start with this. Alarge surge of energy is directed to the ground, and Ahura leaps forsafety, but Inferno is frozen in fear, so Logan lunges at him. 'Down,you idiot!' he exclaims, pushing Inferno into the snow. Inferno looks upat Logan: 'You... you... saved my life! But I set you on fire!' Infernoreminds him. Logan tells the young Inhuman that he remembers. 'Wasn'tthe first time, won't be the last' he remarks, adding that life is toolong for grudges. Ahura looks shocked, and exclaims 'Thosezeppelins... they were full of my people... she just killed all thosepeople!' to which Logan tells him that he knows. 'Let's make sure itends there!' Logan suggests as he runs towards two of the Sentinels whoare blasting eye beams into the snow. As Storm blasts somelightning towards the enemy Sentinels, Forge is standing near Cerebraand Forge informs the Sentinel that he thinks he recognizes thosethings, that Emma got into his head and made him build them. 'I nevermeant... I would never have...' Forge's voice trails off, as Cerebratells him not to worry, and offers to destroy them all for him – but aninstant later Cerebra explodes, destroyed. 'CEREBRA!' Forge calls out. Magnetohovers near Emma and levitates shards of scrap metal.  'Thank you,Erik. Extremely kind' Emma tells Magneto, who replies 'Of course. Afterall, it's like I always tell people... Emma was right...' Magneto's eyes are blank – as if he was being mentally manipulated. TheSentinel assault continues, while Medusa, the Human Torch and BlackBolt huddle behind some rocks. Medusa tells the others that she needs toget up there, as Frost can't get through her psychic shields, so if shecan take her down, this is over. The Human Torch offers to fly Medusaup and drop her right on top of Emma, but Medusa tells him that whenthings are dark they need to inspire – and Black Bolt extends a hand toMedusa. An instant later, Black Bolt takes to the air, flying upwardsand carrying Medusa with him. Moon Girl, Frank McGee, Karnak, Mosaic,Gorgon, Inferno, Ms Marvel, Crystal, Quake and Reader all look up andwatch. 'Medusda' Moon Girl utters. 'And Black Bolt. Together. That's...'Karnak begins. 'Beautiful' Cystal declares. Black Bolt flies awayafter dropping Medusa on the head of one of the Sentinels. 'Frost!'Medsua calls out. Emma turns and looks up at Medusa and remarks 'Shouldhave expected you'd want the big, dramatic finish'. The Sentinelscontinue to blast at the ground below, as the mutants and Inhumans rushtowards the Sentinels. 'Such a drama queen' Emma tells Medusa. 'No. Justa queen' Medusa scowls, while shards of metal controlled by Magnetoslam into two of the Inhumans down below. Suddenly, the Sentinel thatMedusa and Emma are standing on is blown apart – by the Human Torch.'Johnny!' Medusa gasps as she and Emma are flung into the air. 'Whoknew, Medusa? I can be inspiring, too' the Human Torch calls back. WithEmma distracted as she plummets down to the ground, Magneto becomes freeof her mental control. 'Frost. You took my mind you took my mind. Iwill tear you in -' Magneto calls out, until he is shunted aside by ablast of energy from Havok. 'I'm sorry, Erik. Another time' Havok tellshim. In her diamond form, Emma finds herself tangled in Medusa'shair, unable to break free. 'You gave the order. You told Black Bolt tokill Scott' Emma exclaims, reminding Medusa that she was in her head,she saw what Medusa was thinking – that it would be so much simpler ifCyclops was dead. Storm electrocutes one of the Sentinels, while Medusatells Emma that she must have seen how much she loathed herself forbeing unable to find any other way. 'But now I know the truth. And so Iask you, Emma Frost – even though that diamond form keeps you out of myhead... what am I thinking now?' Medusa responds, her hair tightening around Emma's throat. Emmalets out a groan, before a small chunk of diamond drops to the snow. Aninstant later, Medusa is blasted away, and her hair pulls back fromaround Emma, releasing her. Emma looks over to Havok: 'What in the –thank you' she tells him. Havok, carrying a small teleport device, goesover to Emma and tells her that he is not doing this for her – he isdoing it for Scott. 'This is what I owe him. And this is wherethat ends' Havok announces, as Medusa watches Havok activate theteleport device and disappear with Emma. Later, on Muir Isle: Storm,Old Man Logan and the time-displaced Jean Grey stand around the cellholding the Beast. Storm tells him that she doesn't know what to say.The Beast points out that he is still alive, and so are the rest ofthem, which means that the Terrigen problem was somehow beaten.Elsewhere, Medusa thinks that forgiveness is hard, and notes  that shehas reached out to McCoy, who replied with a very short note, blaminghimself, whether that is warranted or not. Storm frees the Beast fromthe cell and the Beast tells her that whatever decisions she made, theywere, apparently correct. 'And we all get to live with them' he adds.Storm doesn't respond. Medusa suspects that the Beast may be done withall of this for a while – time will tell. Medusa knows that EmmaFrost has gone to ground. She is not surprised by this, as the X-Menwant her as badly as the Inhumans do, but there aren't many safe havensout there for the White Queen. Medusa suspects that Emma will giveherself away eventually, though, as from what she has seen, Emma Frosthas a hard time of letting things go. Elsewhere, Emma sits in alarge arm chair, fire raging in the fireplace in front of her,, a blackhelmet with a large red X across the front sits on a table. Emma standsup and reveals a red-spiked black costume with long cape, and puts thehelmet on over her head. Then there is Medusa. In New Attilan, shesits on her throne, her people kneeling before her. There is noquestion in Medusa's mind that she did the right thing, as theirspecies' ability to transform through Terrigenesis does not outweigh thelives of even a single mutant, much less all of them. But many Inhumansdid not understand – years spent telling their children of the glory ofemergence into their true forms... which they now will never see. Threechildren look upset – one of them cries. Being inhuman used to meanchange. Now, they are what they are and nothing more. It had to be done,and the weight of it had to land on her, as she is the queen – or she was.Medusa has abdicated. Medusa looks over to Iso who is surrounded byInferno, Karnak, Triton, Moon Girl and Ms Marvel. Medusa has given Isoher authority over New Attilan, as Iso has earned the people's trust.Medusa knows that Iso will govern well, but recalls Iso saying somethingto her about elections! Medusa looks closely at Iso and realizes thatthese will be the first elections in Attilan in two hundred centuries.Medusa wonders if perhaps the Inhumans are not finished with changeafter all. Medusa steps onto a balcony as the sun sets over NewAttilan. She has been thinking about the why of everything Emma Frostdid. Medusa thinks it is simple – Emma lost her love and it drove hermad. 'Love is dangerous' Medusa thinks to herself as she sees the HumanTorch, looking out over the city. 'Medusa? What -' Johnny begins as shegrabs his face and puts her lips close to his. 'Goodbye, Johnny. Andthank you. For all of it' Medusa tells Johnny. She thinks this iswhy she tends to choose duty, but now though, even that is gone. Johnnywatches Medusa walk away, telling herself that for the first time, thereare no expectations of her. 'No rule, no ruling, no rules' Medusasmiles to herself. For the first time she can remember, anything canhappen. Wearing a long purple dress, Medusa leans up against the bar atthe Quiet Room. It looks like a shard of diamond is on the bar, as BlackBolt stands behind it, and he and Medusa look at each other andsmile.   