(Ca 20 years in the past) Xavier is sitting in a wheelchair that Magnus has made, discussing with Magnus about how, even though they met weeks ago, he is still a man of mystery to him. They talk as if aware that each other have special powers however neither admits to having any. They arrange to have dinner later that night. Magnus wonders whether he should confide in Xavier about his powers before doing his rounds. He meets up with his first patient who is Legion travelled back in time (however Legion has lost his memory and doesn't know who he is). (present) Xavier is guiding Rogue and Archangel through a sandstorm to locate Jean Grey and the other X-Men who disappeared.  Archangel comments on the fact that he is not going to lose Betsy after only just finding happyness. Warren spots Jean barely alive and brings her back to their camp. Beast does a quick medical check before letting Xavier do a mental probe. Instantly Jean wakes up and shouts Legion's name. After a short moment Gambit, Beast, Cyclops, Archangel, Rogue and Professor Xavier listen as Jean Grey tells them what happened when they met Legion, however they do not know where into the past he has taken the other X-Men. (Ca 20 years in the past) The time-displaced X-Men (Iceman, Psylocke, Bishop and Storm) are trying to work out what they are doing in the past in Israel. They have lost their memories, however thanks to Psylocke they know their names, that they possess special powers and that they have travelled from the future. Bobby wonders what they are as he transforms into his ice form, but Bishop tells him that even though they have these strange abilities they should be less conspicuous and try and find out the truth. (present) Interlude: At the Xavier institute Sabretooth is trying to break out of his holding cell, but is not having much luck. He talks to himself saying that Xavier shouldn't have left him unguarded however out of nowhere Wolverine arrives and tells him that Xavier never left him alone. (Ca 20 years in the past) At the hospital, Magnus wonders about the relationship between Gaby and Charles before helping Legion from his bed. As they touch, Legion's power connects with the anger and agony within Magneto and visions of Magneto's past are formed. Magnus gets upset and shouts at Legion asking him what he is doing. Magnus loses it and storms out of the hospital as Legion apologises for what he has done. Xavier is walking down the street with Gabrielle and hears Magnus' thoughts and is distracted from his conversation with Gaby. He brushes past Psylocke and they both get a feeling of déjà vu, however before they can talk to each other, Magnus runs up to Xavier and tells him what has happened. They both run to the Hospital and arrive to see Legion writhing on the floor creating more projections in thin air this time of members of the X-Men. (present) Cable arrives at the camp with Domino and asks what he was called for. Xavier fills him in but Cable doesn't think he can help as his time travelling ship has been dumped at the bottom of the ocean. Suddenly the sky crackles with lightning and a holographic image of Lilandra appears in front of them. She tells them that communications have been disrupted and massive energises were needed to make contact. Xavier is surprised that she is aware of what Legion has done, however she tells him that the warning came from the Watchers themselves. 