First Story : (Monday) Angelo is driving jubilee to a Film Studio where she has a part. Jubilee tells Angelo that after following Xavier's dream for so long she wanted to follow her own and that becoming a film star was it. Angelo has his doubts and believes that she is being used because Asian girls are the current fad. She tells him that if it falls through, which it isn't she'll go back to college. Angelo is worried for her and tells her to watch her back. They arrive at the set where they are greeted by Kristoff, her agent. Angelo leaves and they arrange to watch a basketball match that night. As he leaves Angelo and Kristoff stare, judging each other. Jubilee asks Kristoff about diversifying her roles, because she doesn't want to be typecast, however he tells her it will happen in good time and at the moment she is giving people what they want. Jubilee arrives on the set in a sailor moon outfit and starts speaking to the camera, however she gets her lines wrong, saying “Sailor Jube“ instead of “Sailor June“, and the director gets mad at having to reshoot. Later that night Jubilee arrives back at her and Angelo's pad late. Angelo is up late watching TV and wonders where she has been. She tells him that she went for something to eat with Kristoff afterwards because the shoot finished late. She apologizes for missing the basketball game, and Angelo asks her what they should do tomorrow but Jubilee is busy shooting a tampon advert dressed as a kung-fu chick. (days later) She arrives home late again on Wednesday, because she was being filmed chased by a giant monster. On Thursday she is late from filming a rap video on a beach dressed in a bikini (however she is in the background and can't be seen on the film). Jubilee asks Angelo what he wants to do over the weekend but he's fed up with not seeing her and has to get up early for his shift at the burger bar. (Friday) Early morning, Angelo is teasing her about the role she is going to be playing that day as a high priced hooker, when Jubilee gets upset with him. He tells her that he is worried that she is selling out. She gets angry and tells him she doesn't want to be friends and as soon as she has enough money she'll leave and get her own flat before slamming the door. Later, Jubilee is on the set dressed in a revealing outfit and tells Kristoff that she would like to talk with him. He asks the makeup assistant to leave so that they can be alone. Jubilee tells him that she is uncomfortable with the role, but he dismisses it and tells her that it'll help her in the long run. She questions whether its displaying the right image and he tells her that all she is providing is what people want as he kisses her on the neck. Jubilee instantly yells at him to get away and unleashes with her mutant power She tells him that he is using her before blasting him over the set of a bar into hundreds of bottles. She runs away in tears until she eventually arrives back at the flat. The light isn't working and she can't find her key so knocks on the door hoping to find Angelo. He opens the door and she tells him what's happened and that he was right. He wishes he wasn't, but had to tell her she was being taken advantage of. They have been teammates for too long to not look out for each other, before hugging her. Second Story : Emma Frost has gone to Monte Carlo, to relax amongst the rich. Not long after arriving she hooks up with a rich businessman who can treat her in a style she is accustomed to. The gentleman, Bruce Gotham, takes her one evening out to the balcony where he gives her a large diamond necklace as a present for the last few days of joy that he has had. It is obvious she has used her powers to convince him that he is having a wonderful time when suddenly Emma sees her sister Adrienne sitting on the balcony laughing at her for having to use her powers to get a man. Emma confronts her and suddenly he is in her old Generation X outfit. She attempts to use her power but Adrienne is immune to it. Adrienne tells her she has unfinished business with her as she pulls one of the Generation X students (unrecognizable, apparently Skin but miscolored) over the balcony and holds a gun to his head. Adrienne wonders why she didn't try a simpler method of getting at her sister by just shooting them instead of coming up with huge plots, before firing the gun. Suddenly Emma is back on the balcony in her evening dress just with Bruce. It was all a dream. Bruce wonders who she was talking to, so she tries to blank his mind but it fails. She is shocked but tries again and this time it works. She convinces him that she can have his suite while he is gone. As she walks into the suite she goes up to a dresser and opens a box with a gun in it. It’s the same gun that Adrienne was holding, in fact it was the gun that Emma used to kill her. She never got rid of it. She is scared to touch it as it brings her nightmares. However she decides to change this, and after taking a swig of her drink, picks up the gun. Suddenly she is back at the academy, the day of the riot, everyone is wearing their uniforms, however she questions this as no-one actually was on that day. She is punched in the face by Adrienne and then kicked to the floor. It feels as real as it did that day and she wonders why her own mind can't give her a break. She tries to run to save Everett by knocking Adrienne out of the way but its no use the bomb goes off again and she sees everyone around Synch‘s lifeless body. Adrienne laughs and Emma turns the gun on her, and suddenly she realizes that the reason she has been having these dreams and the reason the Generation X kids are in uniform is because Adrienne killed her first group of mutants the Hellions. She allowed it to happen by poor judgement, and she let Adrienne get close enough again to kill one of her second group of students. She isn't sorry she killed her sister, just sorry she didn't do it sooner. She fires the gun. The shot brings her back to reality and she realizes that she has shot a hole in a pane of glass. She throws the gun out of the hole, puts on her makeup and decides to leave before the hotel security arrives. She realizes that she has relied on her psychic powers to long and made her soft, but now she will be as hard as diamonds. Third story : At the Docks in Hong Kong a group of men are beating up locals who work on the dock, telling them that Chung Sheng Ho is out and they are to be paid for protection. Behind them a figure stands and tells them that the men are protected and they should leave. It‘s Shiro Yoshida. The thugs turn around and pull guns out firing at him, knocking him to the floor. Shiro gets up as he shows them the bullets that have melted on him. He burns as bright as a star blinding them all, before walking away. In a tower Shiro is talking to Chung Sheng Ho, who congratulates him for a job well done and he should work for him but Shiro tells him that he doesn't work for him. Chung replies that he does as he is repaying his cousin‘s debt, before he gets one of his guards to take him to see his cousin. They arrive in a shantytown and he finds his cousin, Yoshi, barely alive. Shiro hugs him and Yoshi asks for help, but not from Shiro, form the guard who throws him a packet of heroin. Shiro is disappointed and on the drive back the guard tells him that Chung has one last job for him to pay of the debt. He wants him to kill a rival. Shiro tells him that he isn't an assassin but thinks of aunt who begged for his help in finding Yoshi, so he decides to do it. He flies to the rival, Ming Yam Li's place and on arrival is attacked by several guards, who get burned. He finds Ming and tells her to leave Hong Kong. As he talks a guard attempts to attack him from behind, but Shiro blasts him. He tells Li that if attacked he will defend himself and hopes that she will leave peacefully, he has a debt of honor and she is the price. Sunfire returns to pick up his cousin and finds Chung there. He tells him he still owes him, Shiro tells him that Ming will leave, but it turns out that Yoshi has bought more Heroin and that debt has to be paid. He picks up his cousin and starts to fly into the sky. He tells Yoshi that he is going home as he flies higher and higher until eventually Yoshi dies. Twelve hours later, the news report about Sheng Ho’s death as he was in one of the burned buildings. Shiro arrives at his aunt‘s house who is hoping to see her son, however Shiro gives her an urn with Yoshi‘s ashes in. As she weeps over her son‘s death, Shiro apologizes that this was the only way that he would allow him to return him. 