Voici, Northern Canada:The new Vic and Frankie arrive to attack, but are confused by the presence of the original ship destroyed. The Wolverine / Venom creature tears through the hull, webs the new ship, and pulls it crashing into the ground. Frankie and Vic brace for impact, then express wonder at the sheer beauty of the Venom creature.Both of them strap on battle armor to search for the creature again, comenting on how the mass of equipment is superfluous because if they are trying to be absorbed by the creature, why do they need armour? Vic comments that she wants the creature to choose Frankie. Frankie is touched by the sentiment, and they kiss. As Vic turns around, Venom pulls Frankie out the hatch. Frankie begs the creature to take her, thinking that it needs her… but Venom does not, and guts her with Wolverine’s claws.Vic searches the area for Frankie, finding nothing but a body. As Vic searches the body, she finds that the corpse is actually her own. She screams into the radio: “You lied to us! You said we were special and there wouldn’t be any more clones!” Vic is disgusted by the situation, and takes her own life.On the old ship, Robertson puts on the battle armor and attempts to arm herself, but the Suit tells her that grenades will be ineffective. The Suit tells her to grab the new phone device. As she does, the creature bursts through the wall, and the Suit implores her to hurry up and turn the device on. He tells her to push “redial, one, send.” As the creature looks to strangle her to death, she does so successfully, blowing up the symbiote and revealing Wolverine underneath. Wolverine stands up and draws his claws: “Can you hear me now? Good…” Wolverine collapses.Robertson stands up, and the Suit congratulates her for completing the task. The Suit apologizes for performing the cyborg surgery on her earlier, claiming there was no option outside of killing her. The Suit offers to remove the device as soon as he regenerates. However, Robertson crushes his phone device, and says that “It’s the only way I can control it,” as she reveals that she is now in possession of the Venom symbiote.Wolverine wakes up, grumbling about being booby-trapped by the Suit – it turns out that the Suit’s original phone was lodged in Logan’s chest. Wolverine groans, and starts walking toward the next town.Buffalo, New York:Robertson contacts an old friend in Buffalo, hoping to get a message to her mother. She cries as she informs her friend Jack to tell her mother that she’s okay. Frankie and Vic monitor the conversation, and an old man tells the to let Robertson go for now.Manhattan:The old man looks out the window, ready to end the situation with Venom, as Spider-Man swings into the picture… 