Cape Citadel Missile Base, Florida, where soldiers go about their business, and pay no attention to the gathering of several uncanny individuals nearby. Beast greets Marvel Girl and asks if he is the first one here, as Warren Worthington a.k.a. Angel descends from above. 'Right behind you, Bigfoot' Warren states, before noticing the soldiers paying them no attention, and asks if it is just him, or whether security around this place is a joke. Jean explains that she has inserted psychic blindspots into the minds of everyone on the base, that they can't see or hear them. 'As far as they know, we don't exist' Jean adds. 'You're scary, Jean. You know that, right?' Angel remarks, before the Beast asks why they are here – why choose a missile base for their rendezvous? 'I'd say it's obvious. Cape Citadel's where we came together as a team. She wanted to see it... wanted all of us to see it... one last time' Scott Summers a.k.a. Cyclops explains as he arrives with the reality-displaced Bloodstorm, who remarks that it is no wonder the X-Men are consumed by thoughts of conflict. 'It's not like we aren't going to see it again. It wasn't all that long ago we were fighting Magneto in this very spot' Angel points out. Jean frowns as she explains that she won't see it like this again – not for a long time. She adds that so much has changed – they literally blinked and the world advanced in crazy ways. 'This base... it's nothing like it once was' Jean adds, when suddenly Bobby Drake a.k.a. Iceman asks 'Are you talking about the base or are you talking about the X-Men?' as he ice-slides towards his friends. 'Better late than never, Bobby' Jean remarks. Bobby tells the others that, if he is being honest, he nearly ditched them. 'I'm not sure I like this plan. I kinda hate it, in fact' he admits. Jean tells Bobby that she understands, and doesn't disagree. 'We're all giving up so much, but the longer we're here, the more dangerous -' Jean begins. Bobby smiles and tells her not to sweat it, that he doesn't need to like it. 'Besides, what would you guys do without me?' he asks. Scott tells Jean that they are with her 'All right, then. Let's tie up some loose ends' Jean suggests to her friends. Shortly, at Mojo TV in New York City: 'No! No! No!' the grotesque Mojo shouts. 'You can't do this! I'm just giving the people what they want! They want to be entertained!' he shouts while watching the time-displaced X-Men battling Lil' versions of several X-Men – Banshee, Rogue, Archangel, Polaris, Havok, Jubilee, Wolverine, Mystique, Sabretooth, Longshot, Shatterstar, Cannonball, and even Bloodstorm and the time-displaced Cyclops. 'I'm never gonna grow up to be like you!' Lil' Time Displaced Cyclops shouts as he fires an optic blast at Cyclops, who fires one back, and the optic blasts clash. 'What do we do here? Is it okay to smash Baby X-Men?' Iceman asks as he switches to his large bulky ice form, while Lil' Shatterstar, Lil' Sabretooth, Lil' Mystique, Lil' Wolverine and Lil' Jubilee attack him. Angel is chased by Lil' Cannonball, Lil' Rogue, Lil' Archangel and Lil' Banshee, while Jean finds herself confronted by Lil' Polaris, Lil' Bloodstorm and Lil' Longshot, as Lil' Havok fires a blast of energy at Beast, and Bloodstorm hovers near Mojo. 'ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?' Mojo roars. Later, aboard the Starjammer, currently located in deep space, Scott appears on a viewscreen, as Corsair, Hepzibah, Ch'od, Raza and Sikorsky watch him. 'So, I guess what I'm saying... is goodbye' the forlorn Scott utters. He adds that they have a few more days to wrap things up here on Earth, and then they will be gone. 'You're not gone, son. Not by a long sight' Corsair tells his son. 'Dad -' Scott begins, but Corsair tells him that he knows what he is going to say. 'And I know I stand by my words. Not a long sight' Corsair promises. Corsair admits that he was always a screw-up as a father, and tells Scott that he gave him a chance to fix that – gave him the chance to spend time with him he never thought he would have. 'You travel in space long enough... you start to get a little jaded... but I damn well recognize a miracle when one finds its way into my life' Corsair tells Scott, who thanks his father. 'It's just that... if we do this right... I won't even remember any of this. And then -' Scott begins, before Hepzibah tells him to cut this talk out. 'Remember we will. Always!' she exclaims. Ch'od agrees with Hepzibah and tells Cyclops that he is one of them now and forever. 'And Starjammers never truly die!' Raza declares. 'What did I tell ya, kiddo? Not be a long sight' Corsair adds. Madripoor, where night has fallen, and the X-Men fight alongside their allies the Raksha against an army of ninjas. Iceman traps several in an ice-wall, while Cyclops fires an optic blast, knocking several ninjas back. Bloodstorm transforms into a swarm of bats to fight her opponents, while Angel fires cosmic energy from his wings against his. Jean fights hand-to-hand against several of the ninjas. Whisper Doll grabs a ninja by the neck, and Hexadecimal controls a large cybernetic lion to attack several other ninjas. When the battle ends, Angel stands over several of the fallen ninjas and announces that this is one band of MGH-peddling ninjas who won't be causing anyone trouble for a while. He suggests that they bag them up and get them to the authorities. Norio approaches Angel and tells him that won't do, and explains that the “authorities” he speaks of are corrupt. He declares that their enemies will be at work once again before they know it, which is why Madripoor needs the Raksha, and why the Raksha must remain ruthless. 'You're not talking  about killing criminals, are you?' Marvel Girl inquires. 'I thought we discussed that. It's not cool' she adds. Norio bids Marvel Girl no offense as he tells her that he isn't sure she gets a say in the matter, as the X-Men will not be here to assist the Raksha in their fight. 'Whether we're here or not, the X-Men don't kill' Cyclops repeats, causing Norio to point out that the Raksha are not the X-Men. 'Yeah... about that... I think you guys remember Danger and Polaris' Cyclops replies as Lorna Dane a.k.a. Polaris and the robot Danger drop from above. Lorna reveals that they have rebuilt the mansion here in Madripoor, that they have all the amenities, and she has some apologies to make to the Raksha, too. 'The only thing that is missing is students' Danger states. 'Students? We have trained on the streets of Madripoor. There is nothing you can teach us' Norio snaps. 'Ooooooh... Danger loves a challenge' Bobby smiles. 'We'll see' Danger tells the Raksha, before Marvel Girl remarks that she lost track of them during the fight, and asks if anybody knows where Beast and Gazing Nightshade went. 'C'mon, Jeannie. What kind of psychic doesn't know where they went?' Angel smirks. In another alleyway nearby, Beast and Gazing Nightshade embrace. I will miss you, Henry' Gazing Nightshade utters. 'Yeah. I know. Me too' Beast frowns. Gazing Nightshade adds that she will miss Henry, but that she is glad he is leaving. 'What? What kind of thing is that to say?' Beast asks, confused. Gazing Nightshade tells him not to mistake her meaning, and assures him that he is dear to her, but that she sees darkness within him, she sees danger presented by his presence in this time. Gazing Nightshade reveals that she has studied the Beast of this time, and that he is a man who has made mistakes, but a good man. 'You must go home... to become the man the X-Men need you to be'. Later, at the Xavier Institute in Central Park, New York: 'Wow. Good thing the X-Mansion's got plenty of room' Kitty Pryde remarks as she, Storm, Nightcrawler and Prestige oversee the arrival of several Mothervine mutants, including Beak, that the young X-Men have brought to them. Marvel Girl tells Kitty that she knows, but that these mutants, the Mothervine mutants, have been thrown into a strange new world, and the X-Men are here to protect them. 'This feels... right... before we vanish once and for all' Jean adds. Prestige goes over to several of the mutants and welcomes them to the X-Men. 'We're gonna make damn sure you survive the experience' she jokes. Kitty looks at Cyclops and Jean and tells them that it is nice to see the two of them together like this. 'Oh... we're not... we aren't...' they both reply in unison. Bloodstorm watches from across the field, arms folded, forlorn. Hank calls out to her and tells her that he hopes she doesn't mind him poking his nose where it doesn't belong, but he thinks she knows what he is going through. 'I'm not “going through” anything Henry' Bloodstorm replies. Hank tells her that he has just learned a painful lesson in his time here, and that is no one is ever going to get between Cyclops and Jean for long. Jean finds herself inside the Xavier Institute, talking to the Bamf called Pickles, who sits on a state of Charles Xavier. Jean thanks Pickles for everything, and tells him that they couldn't have done it without him. 'At least, it wouldn't have been as much fun' Jean adds, informing him that they have to go, though. Pickles frowns, before teleporting onto Jean's shoulder. 'That's not what I meant – I mean the X-Men have to go home and you should go... I guess wherever Bamfs go' Jean suggests, adding that they have a little unfinished business to take care of. Pickles smirks, then teleports away – with Jean. 'Pickles! What's the big -' Jean calls out as she finds herself in a forest within Central Park – where she sees Cyclops, leaning against a tree. Oh – unfinished business' Jean frowns, before Pickles teleports away. Cyclops looks over to Jean, who approaches him. 'Hey' she calls out. They stand a couple of feet away from each other, and Scott tells Jean that it is weird, that it feels like he should have known she was there – their psychic rapport and all. 'I know' Jean replies, adding that it has been severed since that ordeal with the Poisons. 'But sometimes it feels like it's still there' they utter in unison. Scott asks Jean what she thinks that means, to which Jean tells him that when it comes to the two of them, thinking too much gets them nowhere. They embrace and kiss, unaware that they are being watched from the woods nearby – by Sebastian Shaw. 'There! There they are! Cyclops and Marvel Girl... and they're separated from the pack!' Shaw thinks to himself. He grits his teeth, deciding that now, while they are distracted, he will strike. 'Through their suffering, Magneto will learn he should never have crossed Sebastian Shaw! Through them, I will lure -' Shaw thinks to himself, when suddenly a voice growls:, 'Hey, Bub!' Shaw glances sideways, where he sees Jimmy Hudson a.k.a. Poison looming over him. 'Don't even think about it!' Poison warns as he wraps Shaw in some sort of cocoon. 'We're gonna give them this. You... me... the whole damn world... because they deserve it' Jimmy declares, his appearance returning to normal as he watches Cyclops and Jean kiss. Later still, inside a lab, where a strange platform has been constructed: 'That's it, huh? That's the time machine that'll send us home?' Marvel Girl asks. As he taps away at a computer console, the Beast explains that this era's Beast has been modifying it based on his original designs, as he wants to make sure there are no complications once it's activated. 'That's cute. It's comforting knowing that you never learn, Hank' Bobby smiles, resting an arm on Hank's shoulder. 'There are always complications' Bobby points out. 'Speaking of complications. What about my wings? What about all the new memories and skills we've picked up? We can't just go back in  time... not like we are now' Angel remarks. All of the young mutants hang their heads in silence, before Cyclops points out that they are surrounded by psychics, scientists and mystics, so they will get it figured out. Suddenly, a news report is heard, with breaking news out of Washington DC being announced. The X-Men look at a monitor which depicts an anti-mutant demontration in the capital which has been attacked by a group of mutants led by known terrorist and mutant supremacist Magneto. Alongside Magneto, the mutants Toad, Marrow and Exodus are shown to be attacking the anti-mutant demonstration, and the announcer reports that some are already naming this the return of the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants. The X-Men look at the screen in shock. 'He's not our responsibility, right? I mean... there are others... the X-Men can handle this' Jean remarks. Cyclops tells her that it is her call, to which Jean announces that they are going home, that isn't up to them – it is already decided. 'But maybe we'll hang out for just a little longer!' she suggests as she, Iceman, Cyclops, Angel and Beast leap into action! 