Camp Angel prisoner detention camp: When Storm started the attack on the Sentinels guarding the camp, the other mutants joined in and beat and imprisoned the military personnel. That done, they begin to free the mutants behind bars in deeper security and destroy the anti mutant tech. Underneath the camp, though, the mutants turn more sombre as they find other mutants who have been experimented upon and worse. They free whom they can and mourn those for whom it is too late. This is how Camp Angel fell.  Smiling ,Storm enters Colossus’ cell and tells him to break his chains. He does and the reunited friends hug.  All the guards have been captured, tied up and blindfolded. John Walkers asks Colonel Lane if he is all right. As Lane tells them they have to wait, Stacy X interrupts them, smirking that if their government were going to send help they already would have. It’s just them from now on….  Storm puts Peter to bed in a room. She notices several people running past the room excitedly and asks what is happening. A kid explains that Ms. Stacy is on the stage and has announced she is going to kill the guards.  Stacy is indeed on stage with the tied up Lane and Walker. This is not murder! This is justice! she shouts. In their society, they say that, if a man kills another, he should be put to death. In their society they say, in war killing is permissible. They’ve seen the bodies of their murdered brothers and sisters that they hid in the lower levels. And they know this is a war! So who can condemn them for this? History will call them revolutionaries! Or butchers, Storm states calmly. Certainly not heroes. And as the person who began this uprising... This doesn’t make her leader! Stacy interrupts. Never said it does, Storm agrees. But it does entitle her to have her voice heard.  She joins Stacy on the stage and addresses the audience. If they are talking about freedom, about no longer sitting in prisons, waiting for the human to realize the error of their ways, she is with them, but this is something else. Last night, the world told them they aren’t the next step in evolution. They aren’t improvements, aren’t God’s chosen. They are abnormalities, freaks! But she says that’s up to them to decide. No matter how they were created, they can still inherit the future. But not because of their powers, because of their choices. Because they rejected the fear and hatred of what came before them. If they do that, then they’ll have a true revolution on their hands.  The man who taught her – Charles Xavier – was a hero to their cause. He believed they could be something better. Not to rule, but to help! And some of them look at where they are now and mock him. Say his dream failed. That he was delusional. But Xavier wasn’t killed by a human but a mutant.  So they should decide who they are. And if they still want to be the future, then here’s where they decide what kind of future they are living.  She can’t just... Stacy protests. Ororo agrees and suggests a vote. She and Stacy agree on a system. The vote is anonymous. One vote each: X means the guards die. O means they live.  The vote begins and the votes are counted. The result is a tie. Stacy impatiently demands they vote again. Someone will have changed their mind. He believes he can settle this, announces Colossus, who has woken up. Hs vote is yet to be counted.  Stacy is against it. Smiling, Ororo replies he has as much right as any other. Feeling she has lost, Stacy snarls if they want to be lambs, wait for their slaughter. They are going home and take back what is theirs.  Storm thanks Peter. He tells her that is not his choice. Stand! he orders Colonel Lake. Horrified, Ororo asks him not to do this. Colonel Lake addresses Peter, telling him he knows how angry he is. No, Colossus replies, he does not, and crushes Lake’s head in his bare hands.  The crowd goes wild while a shocked Ororo mumbles this isn’t right. This isn’t what they were taught. They will pay for this.  As if on cue, the Stryker-controlled Nimrod Sentinels appear in the sky, echoing the words “his will.” 