Quicksilver runs in despair, recalling how well it went, when he convinced the president. The horrors that followed when his plan and Stryker’s death led to an out of control Nimrod army hunting mutants who cannot hide anymore thanks to Pietro. All this is his fault.  Flashback: His business associate, Phil Hanstead, presented the Nimrod model Sentinel prototype to him. Exclusive long term government contract. Five thousand on order with a promise of ten thousand more within two years. Vibranium casing, virtually indestructible. Different weapon grades, sophisticated AI and a lot faster and more compact than the old type.  Touching the Nimrod unit, Pietro asks about the trials. Not everything they hoped for, Hanstead admits. Every target poses a different kind of problem. They are still trying to develop one weapon to counter thousands.  Pietro suggests adding a power dampener. Only at close range obviously, but effective enough to solve some of those problems. Pietro shows Hanstead another device, a helmet that serves as protection from mutant telepaths and mind controllers. Hanstead announces this will be the biggest consumer electronics article since the iPod. The only trouble is he won’t be able to build them fast enough. Pietro announces he will be manufacturing them here in Wundagore and he will have them next week (thanks to the many dupes of Multiple Man).  The present: … and Pietro runs, while all the mutants die… Flashback: Hanstead informs him stock is up 39 percent. They’ve moved into unanimous buy territory. He’s never seen anything like this! Pietro is unsurprised. When Devon brought him to Pietro, he thought he was talking to a lunatic. Shame what happened to Devon. She was a very troubled young woman, Pietro replies politely.  Present: He thought they would bow before him, would love him. Instead they are all dead. He reaches Wundagore, angrily shouting out sister’s name. He begins throwing around furniture, demanding she show herself and answer to him for all their lives. She has made him a murderer! he shouts. He has the blood of thousands of innocents on his hands now – because of her! Answer him! he shouts.  Oh, dear brother, the Scarlet Witch addresses him, he never fails to disappoint, does he? He repeats his accusations. Mutant children are screaming out for mercy right now, being hunted and killed like animals! Because of her!  Her? She scoffs. He reminds her that this was her plan. This was God’s plan, she stresses. God told her to murder her own people? he scoffs. Not in so many words, she replies.  She told him he would be a savior, he reminds her. Rule their people as their father had dreamed of. All of that could have been his, she replies, had he not disobeyed his word. It really is a pity. Disobey? he asks and begins to insult her.  Eldritch scarlet bonds tie him up and tighten around his throat, silencing him. She warns him to hold his tongue. Sister still knows how to hurt him best.  He has done everything she instructed, Pietro wheezes. Really? Wanda mocks. Then what did he find in Egypt? He is taken aback. She reminds him that night in New York she told him to go to Egypt. Did he?  He was very busy, he begins. She drops him and calls him pathetic. He apologizes profusely. This is his sin that caused all of this, she tells him quietly. His arrogance and weakness.  What must he do? he asks pleading. He wouldn’t she tells him. He begs. Just don’t leave him ever again! Then go now, she orders, as she strokes his hair. Go to where He waits. Tell Him what he has done. Beg for God’s mercy and forgiveness! Will she come with him? he asks. She looks at him. No, she decides, but before he goes to see Him, go change clothes! He looks ridiculous!  And so, in a new black uniform, Pietro arrives in Egypt outside a cave where dozens of pilgrims have gathered and are praying. One elderly man greets him. The prayers have been answered, he announces. Confused, Pietro asks who all these people are. Servants of God. Just like him, the man informs him. He has called out for Pietro night after night, for hours on end. Shrieking and wailing. They thought perhaps he’d forsaken Him.But Pietro only needed to know where to find him, yes? Yes, Pietro lies. The old man urges him to hurry. He waits!  Pietro enters the cave and utters “my God” when he sees who is waiting. Is that really him? the other replies. He supposed he could ask the same, Pietro replies hesitating. He knows the truth. He always has, comes the reply. Now, tell him what happened.  He tried. He did what she told him, every word! Pietro pleads. He went to New York, and to Washington and he convinced them to do as he said. He did all he was asked. He only didn’t come here!  And why didn’t he? Because he was afraid! Pietro admits. And now? Now they are all dead, Pietro cries. His people are being killed and it’s because of him! Because he can never do anything right! He tries and tries and every time he ruins it!  The other holds him, trying to sooth him. Enough of that. He did his best. He’s been strong and faithful to the cause. He would never ask him for more than that.  He is not angry? Pietro asks. Angry? Someday he hopes Pietro will come to know all that he feels for him right now. It is not anger, Magneto tells him. It is the love of a father for his son. 