Spartax:Gamora has just been transformed into her full potential by the Black Vortex. Guardians, X-Men and their foes, the Slaughter Lords, stare at her. She has this, she announces. Gamora smirks and Star-Lord figures those Slaughter Lords who attack her don’t stand a chance. They don’t know the fight is already over. Quickly and assured, Gamora takes them out. In the meantime, Storm orders Magik to teleport them away. Jean asks if they should take the Black Vortex with them. Hell, yes! Iceman opines. Drax announces they should smash it and then help Gamora. Peter replies he’s got this. As Peter tells Illyana where to teleport, Rocket shouts for Gamora. Soon they find themselves amidst the ruins of Spartax’ moon. Storm asks how they can destroy the Black Vortex immediately. Crouching in front of it, young Beast protests about this. He could study this for the rest of his life. How very Hank McCoy of him, she remarks. Star-Lord suggests they line up and power the hell up. Kitty exclaims she isn’t hearing this. He wants to use this? Gamora announces it is a magnificent tool of war that helped save them and the orphans. Peter agrees the Slaughter Lords are hunting them. They should use it to power up and keep the Black Vortex from them. He wants to use this, Kitty repeats angrily. Silently, Peter fears she will break up with him over this. Kitty turns to Captain Marvel for support. Carol points out not everything in the galaxy is bad. They are up to their necks in a fight and Gamora is fine. Kitty turns to Illyana, who hesitates as well. They cannot turn their backs on power with the stakes that high. Drax shouts he will destroy this tool of evil. Storm agrees. Drawing her sword from her cape, Gamora points out that he doesn’t know enough about this. He knows the wrong people want it, he points out. But they have it, Gamora replies. Thanks to her, because of it. Kitty tells Peter she can’t believe him. He doesn’t want this to turn into a thing between them but accuses her of being close-minded. She wants to tell him a story about a little thing called the Phoenix Force. Oh here they go! Rocket groans. Anytime you get two Earth mutants together, eventually someone is going to bring up the Phoenix Force, like they invented it. Jean suggests a vote. No vote! Peter announces. Everyone can do whatever they want. Gamora agrees. He tells Kitty she doesn’t know what they have to deal with out here. Kitty insists this is a bad move. Gamora points out she finally has the power to end Thanos’ reign of terror. What could be more important? Peter tells Kitty not to be so fast to throw away a good thing. She turns away. She thought he was a different guy. What does that mean? he asks. In the meantime, Beast examines the Vortex. This is the moment when he reveals who he is, Kitty warns. Peter retorts that goes for her too. Out here, they know a bit more about how the galaxy works than she does. Someone screams, they turns around to see that adult Beast has been changed by the Black Vortex. Oh my stars, he utters, smiling. Mr. Knife’s flying fortress:What is happening? Thane asks Ebony Maw (whom only he can see). Ebony Maw tells him to be patient and give Knife a moment. He will address him when he is ready. Thane marvels at the Brood emissary entering. J’son aka Mr. Knife mumbles that his own son Star-Lord is forcing his hand again, daring him again. He didn’t want this! But he’s lost too much now. He can’t let this be his life. Fine, he decides, then tells the Brood he needn’t come here. He can go back to the disgusting Acanti they live in and tell the Brood Queen Mr. Knife is aware of his obligations to her. The Black Vortex will be restored and made available to her before the cycle is finished. But, if she wants to talk to him, she will do so directly. The next messenger Brood will be sent back to her in liquid form. The Brood leaves. So does Mr. Knife. Ebony Maw tells Thane he should end him. Thane is disbelieving. Ebony Maw explains they are building something big here for the galaxy and that man reveals with every step he is not the man to take them there. So they kill him? Thane asks disgusted At this point, he’d be putting him out of his misery, Ebony Maw points out. Why doesn’t he do it then? Thane retorts. He knows his role, Ebony Maw replies, he advises. And an idiot child’s can see Thane’s: He is a warrior prince. He was born for this. His father Thanos is pulsating within him! Thane protests. Ebony Maw continues his father is the Mad Titan. But, if he had the clarity and vision Thane had, the galaxy would be his. He would absolutely own it. Thane has all of his father’s strength of spirit and none of his defects. He can lead. After some thinking, Thane orders him back to where he disappears to. He will not speak those words to him again. Yes, he will, Ebony Maw, grinning, tells himself. Elsewhere:The transformed Beast looks transfixed at the sky, announcing he sees everything. It all makes sense now. He understands how it all works. He’s going to be able to fix everything wrong with their world, their people, with everything. He shouldn’t have done that, Kitty sighs. He asks her to let the Vortex evolve her. She will see what he is talking about. Suddenly, X-23 runs toward the Vortex, intending to destroy it. Beast lashes out with an energy blast and stops her. Star-Lord tries to talk sense into Gamora, who is suddenly distracted. The young Nova lands neaby, having heard Star-Lord’s emergency broadcast. What is going on exactly? he asks. Gamora decides to show them the truth and holds up the Black Vortex in which everyone sees their perfected self… 