The US / Canadian border, where make-shift tents have been set up as emergency workers and military officers go about their business - and from one of the tents a lout howling can be heard. You see, in Canada, if you eat human flesh, an ancient curse transforms you into a slavering beast known as the Wendigo. This would normally be bad enough - but through a disgusting series of events involving murder and a meat packing plant, thousands of people were infected. The only saving grace was that the Wendigo curse only manifested on Canadian soil - but that appears to no longer be the case. ‘Lucky me’ Jean-Paul “Northstar” Beaubier thinks to himself as he flies into the tent where several medical officers are under attack from transformed Wendigo. One of them bites into a woman’s arm, while another looms over the Canadian girl, Amber Barton - it is her father. ‘Daddy… Daddy, please…’ she cries out - before Northstar speeds past her and collects her, ‘Northstar! My Dad!’ Amber cries out. But carrying the girl in his arms, Jean-Paul tells Amber that it is not her father at the moment. ‘Wonderful. You’ve saved the girl. Now who will save us?’ Northstar’s unstable sister, Jeanne-Marie a.k.a. Aurora asks, adding ‘The American Avengers are mort!’ as she flies alongside her twin. ‘Well then, Aurora, we will have to save ourselves’ Northstar replies. The twins speed past more Wendigo, as Northstar recalls how the X-Men went to stop the curse at its source, while he came here alongside Aurora to assist in containing the beasts - but it has not worked out particularly well on either front. Jean-Paul and Amber clear the tent and come to a halt in the clearing. ‘Aurora…Aurora!’ Northstar shouts. ‘Where is she?’ Amber asks. Northstar puts the girl down and tells her that he needs her to be brave now, as there is something very stupid that he has to do. ‘Stupid, like putting my faith in the X-Men. Do not make me beg, Storm…save the world already’ Northstar thinks to himself. But at that moment, in the Spirit Realm, which is currently under the rue of the Great Beast called Tanaraq, Ororo “Storm” Munroe leads a group of X-Men and Alpha Flight members in a desperate battle. The other Great Beasts - Kariooq, Tundra, Somon, Tolomaq, Ranaq and Kolomaq are prisoners. James MacDonald Hudson a.k.a. Guardian and Angelica “Firestar” Jones are knocked aside as the now massive Tanaraq moves his leg - and slams his foot down on the goddess Narya a.k.a. Snowbird, stomping her into the icy ground. ‘SNOWBIRD!’ Guardian calls out to his teammate. ‘Open fire!’ Guardian orders everyone, as he fires an electromagnetic blast towards Tanaraq. Storm tells Firestar to watch out, and as Angelica dodges the blast, she asks ‘What about Snowbird? Snowbird is down!’ indeed, Snowbird’s body lies motionless on the ground. Guardian’s blast did not do any damage to Tanaraq, and as Guardian hovers close to Tanaraq’s face, the Great Beast announces that their destines merged the moment he forged the Wendigo curse. ‘We’ll stop you, monster - like we’ve stopped you -’ Guardian begins, but Tanaraq tells him that the only thing he will do - is die! And with that, Tanaraq lunges forward and swallows Guardian in one bite. ‘Guardian!’ Firestar calls out. Tanaraq tells Storm and Firestar that all they and their kind have left to do is die, as his ascension to godhood will be complete once humanity is extinct. Tanaraq unleashes a strange blast of energy at the women, and tells them to embrace their fate as they fall to the ground. He prepares to step on them, but Santo “Rockslide” Vaccarro steps between and pushes up on Tanaraq’s foot: ‘Not today, jerkzilla!’ he exclaims, but Santo struggles against the weight of Tanaraq, ‘Oh, dang, this…is a lot heavier than I thought…hey, girls, you really need to wake up now!’ Santo calls out. An instant later, Tanaraq is able to slam his foot down on top of Rockslide, Storm and Firestar. The Wendigo in the Spirit Realm stop and turn to Tanaraq, who lumbers through some spindly trees and asks ‘If the gods of this realm could not defeat me… did you truly believe that mortals could?’ He addresses the Wendigo as “Shadows” and tells them to collect the intruders, as he will return for them - after earth has met its new god. The entrance between the Spirit Realm and Earth glows before Tanaraq, and the Wendigo lumber towards the motionless Snowbird, Storm and Firestar. Canada, at the entrance to the Spirit Realm, where Dr Walter “Sasquatch” Langkowski, Piotr “Colossus” Rasputin and Rachel Grey continue to fight hordes of Wendigo. ‘There’s no end to these things!’ Rachel exclaims. ‘Where is Kurt?’ Colossus enquires. As if on cue, Kurt “Nightcrawler” Wagner teleports back to the ground, ‘Ears…burning…too many…’ he utters as he collapses into Rachel. ‘No no no!’ Rachel exclaims, before calling out to the others, informing them that Nightcrawler has been bitten. Sasquatch suddenly clutches his head, ‘Tanaraq…he’s coming…he wants me to feed’ he announces. Colossus informs Rachel that they are losing Sasquatch. ‘Shut him down before -’ Colossus begins, when suddenly, he goes wide-eyed, and a familiar SNIKT sound can be heard, followed by a chilling howl, as Wolverine, earlier transformed into a Wendigo, appears behind Colossus and shoves his claws through Colossus’ steel form. Another howl, back at the US / Canadian border, where Amber Barton is huddled behind a tree, ‘Please please please… come back’ she utters. An instant later, the sound barrier is broken with a BOOOM! As Northstar returns to the clearing - with Aurora. Their costumes are tattered, and they both keel over. ‘Northstar! You saved her!’ Amber exclaims as she emerges from behind a tree. Northstar looks at the girl and tells her that she has to run. ‘What?’ Amber asks. Northstar announces that he was too late, and it won’t be long - Aurora is going to turn. ‘I’m going to turn’ he adds. Aurora suddenly starts so shift, her eyes glow red, and Northstar clutches his head and tells Amber to run - so she does, into the forest. Back in the Spirit Realm, Storm, Firestar, Rockslide and Snowbird are chained to a large rock. The Great Beasts are still prisoners, trapped nearby, while the horde of Shadow Wendigo skulk about nearby. Groggy, Firestar remarks ‘Probably shouldn’t open my eyes…it’s just going to be horrible, isn’t it?’ she asks. ‘Yep’ Rockslide agrees. Storm notes that the chains are dampening their powers. ‘Of course they are’ Firestar mutters, while Snowbird remains unconscious. One of the Shadow Wendigo moves close to Firestar and growls. ‘If anyone wants to stop this thing from eating my face off, now would be a good time to do it’ Angelica exclaims. ‘What do I get in exchange?’ Rockslide asks. ‘If anyone other than Rockslide -’ Angelica calls out, when suddenly, the Shadow Wendigo turns to ice. ‘Did you miss me? Look at what my weird bear critters can -’ Bobby “Iceman” Drake exclaims as he moves towards the others on an ice-sled, while the Shilohs who have taken a liking to him start to attack the Shadow Wendigos. ‘Just get us out of here, Bobby!’ Firestar shouts at her friend. ‘Okay, Firestar. Geez’ Bobby mutters, before freezing the chains restraining the others. Firestar and Storm fly to the ground, while Rockslide carries the still-unconscious Snowbird. Iceman announces that he had a lot more material for his entrance. ‘You planned on leaving me behind, didn’t you?’ he asks. ‘That is always my plan’ Storm tells him, while Firestar asks ‘What now?’ Storm announces that they have to stop Tanaraq before he reaches Earth. ’You mean the thing that kicked all our butts? Have fun turning into a Wendigo’ Rockslide remarks. Suddenly, ‘Free us’ a voice calls out. ‘Excuse me?’ Storm asks, turning to the Great Beast called Kolomaq, who tells her that they will deal to Tanaraq if they are freed. ‘He will be punished for his betrayal’. ‘Really. Because as I recall, animal, when we found you Tanaraq had already defeated the Great Beasts’ Storm replies. ‘Fee us’ Kolomaq asks once more. ‘You would betray us’ Storm points out. Kolomaq tells Storm that she is a mortal, and cannot defeat Tanaraq. ‘No. We can’t. That is why you are going to turn us into gods’ Storm declares. Back in Canada, the Wolverine-Wendigo howls and slams Colossus to the ground. ‘Not going to… let you do this, Logan…not going to let you hurt… the people you love’ Colossus tells his friend. Rachel walks towards Colossus, propping up the injured Nightcrawler, but Colossus tells her that he cannot hold Wolverine back. ‘Take Kurt and - behind you!’ Colossus shouts, as Sasquatch runs after Rachel and Kurt, ‘WENDIGOOOO!’ he howls. ‘Uhn! Dr Langkowski?’ Rachel exclaims as she throws a telekinetic field in front of him, preventing him from grabbing her and Kurt. There is a rumbling, ‘Oh god, what now?’ Rachel mutters, as at the portal to the Spirit Realm, Tanaraq’s hand can be seen reaching through to Earth. Tanaraq laughs as he starts to walk through into Earth. ‘After all this time…after so many failures…all it took for me to conquer Earth…was humanity?’ He grins, ‘I’m coming, my children. And we will feed together. We will feed on them all -’ Tanaraq begins, before suddenly, he cries out, as he is struck by some fire, and pulled back into the Spirit Realm. Where he falls to the ground. ‘You…’ he snarls, looking up, he sees Storm, Iceman, Firestar and Rockslide, transformed into elemental representatives of electricity, ice, fire and stone. ‘We’re not through with you yet!’ Storm calls out. ‘Yeah! Feed on that!’ Rockslide shouts. ‘You think yourselves gods? My brothers’ power will fail you, just as it did them!’ Tanaraq warns the mutants. ‘Let us see’ Storm replies as she flies towards Tanaraq, electricity charging around her. ‘X-Men! Show this Beast what true power is!’ she orders. Firestar releases a powerful surge of fire, while Iceman moves towards Tanaraq on an ice-sled, and Rockslide rushes forward. ‘You are nothing to me! Less than nothing!’ Tanaraq exclaims as he tries to punch Storm and Firestar, but they easily fly out of the way of his fist. ‘Yeah? Well nothing’s about to kick your butt. Hit him, Storm!’ Iceman exclaims as he starts to freeze Tanaraq. ‘Rockslide, now!’ Storm calls out, ‘BOO-YA!’ Rockslide declares as he punches Tanaraq in the face. Tanaraq does not look happy at all. Blood pours from his nose, but then he starts to laugh. ‘Uh-oh’ Bobby remarks. ‘He’s laughing at us. Everything we threw at him and he’s laughing at us?’ Firestar asks. The heroes move in for another attack, while Tanaraq informs them that if this attack came before the curse repad beyond its original borders, they may have succeeded in killing him. ‘But now my life is well outside of your reach’ Tanaraq points out, adding that they all have their roles to play - but death is not his part. ‘That role is yours…alone?’ he remarks, when suddenly, a look of shock spread across his face, and there is a loud SHRACK as his chest bursts open - thanks to Guardian who flies out of the Great Beast. ‘Guardian! You’re alive!’ Storm smiles. ‘That. Was. Amazing!’ Iceman grins. ‘Uh, which one of us put that guy inside him?’ Rockslide enquires. Suddenly, Guardian starts to fall from the sky. ‘I’ve got you’ Storm calls out as she safely lands Guardian. Mac smiles and looks up at Storm, ‘I’ve been trying to do that since he ate me…so, whatever you did, nice job’ he tells her. Storm prays that the others fared as well. Back on Earth, Wolverine has returned to his human form, and lies motionless alongside Colossus, Nightcrawler and Rachel. ‘Help! Please, God…anyone! Please someone help us!’ Sasquatch roars. At the Border, Aurora and Northstar also lie motionless on the ground - the naked bodies of people who were transformed into Wendigo are scattered nearby, too. ‘You’re okay. I’ve got you. You’ll be all right. I promise’ Amber Barton exclaims as she kneels beside Northstar. Some time later: ‘Where?’ Colossus asks, opening his eyes. ‘Safe’ Logan smiles as he sits in a chair next to the bed Colossus lies in. In another tent, Heather McNeil Hudson a.k.a. Vindicator sits next to the bed where Guardian is recovering. Wolverine tells Colossus that they have been at each other’s side the whole time - a sick form of marriage counseling - but he can’t remember the last time they looked so happy. Colossus asks after Rachel and Kurt, who are currently outside the tents with Sasquatch - having forgiven him for trying to eat them. Wolverine adds that they all made it out okay, which is nothing short of a miracle - but there is no way everyone gets a happy ending. Outside the tent, Storm and Iceman are entertaining a group of children by demonstrating their powers. ‘The girl?’ Colossus asks. In another tent, Northstar and Aurora are fine and stand over Mr Barton who lies in a bed, Amber sitting at his side. Wolverine reports that there is no sign of the mother yet, things don’t look too good - but Northstar shore he would hang back until they find her. ‘I think it surprised even him’ Wolverine adds. ‘How…how did we survive?’ Colossus asks. ‘How did so many of our people live?’ he wonders. ‘Magic’ Wolverine smiles, adding that he thinks the Great Beasts felt they had a debt to pay, so they did what they could to undo the damage one of their own caused. ‘The only good thing to come out of this mess is no more Wendigo. I guess the curse died with Tanaraq’ Logan explains, while, in the Spirit Realm, the remaining six Great Beasts walk side by side. Logan tells Piotr that he heard he came pretty close to killing him. ‘Logan -’ Piotr begins, but Logan tells Piotr to shut up, and adds that he doesn’t know what he would have done if he woke up and found out that he was the reason his friends were dead. ‘So thanks for stopping me’ he smiles. ‘What are friends for?’ Colossus smiles, adding ‘Let us just hope the worst is finally behind us…’. 