Flashbacks Once upon a time there was a demon who wanted the world of man to worship him. The demon was called Cyttorak. Once upon a time there was a man who wanted no oine to be able to hurt him again. The man was  Cain Marko. Once upon a time there was a mutant who wanted to save everybody he cared about. His name was Colossus, and he once saved his sister from being run down by a tractor. Once upon a time there was a teacher who wanted to create a world without hate and fear. That teacher was Professor Charles Xavier. The demon didn't know who to demonstrate his love for humanity, so he showed them his power though magic, destruction and chaos. He was battled by Xun and Li Park. The man was healous of his brother's power and sought power of his own. The young mutant was taught the idea that if he could save the world, then he could save his loved ones. The teacher was forced to make hard choices as the world turned against his people with hateful protestors and dangerous robots. The demon's avatars could not convince humanity of Cyttorak's love, however and he grew restless, and fought Thor and the Juggernaut. The man found power through the demon and for a time, no one was able to hurt him, not even the X-Men. The mutant joined the teacher but lost those he cared for most. The teacher recruited children to fight his battles for him, asking them to sacrifice everything for their dream, some of them even their lives. In the end, chaos and destruction were not enough for the demon. In the end, the man was unstoppable, and it was not enough. In the end, the mutant sacrificed everything...and it was not enough. In the end, the teacher died, murdered by one of his own students...his dream was not enough. Present Southeast Asia, 'This... could have gone better' Piotr “Colossus” Rasputin thinks to himself as he tries to push back the recently returned Juggernaut – Cain Marko. Colossus grits his teeth and tells Cain that he has to stop this. Suddenly, there is a flash of lightning and a clap of thunder. 'You heard him. Step away from Colossus or we will make you' Ororo “Storm” Munroe declares, blanked by Bobby “Iceman” Drake, Jean-Paul Beaubier a.k.a. Northstar, Angelica Jones a.k.a. Firestar, Kurt “Nightcrawler” Wagner, Megan Gwynn a.k.a. Pixie, Rachel Grey and Santo Vaccaro a.k.a. Rockslide. The Juggernaut steps back from Colossus, who tells Cain that he doesn't know what Cyttorak said to him, or what he offered him, but that he doesn't need it. 'He gave me exactly what you asked for... power' Cain replies. 'More power than he's ever given anyone. Enough to kill even him' Cain boasts. 'Then why are you here?' Colossus enquires. Angry eyes are seen through the Juggernaut helmet and Cain announces that there is something he has to do first – he has to kill the man who murdered his brother. 'I'm gonna kill Cyclops' Juggernaut announces. 'Nicely done, Jean-Paul' Nightcrawler mutters, while Storm frowns. 'Oh, what? I saved your life by telling him, Kurt. Besides, he would have found out anyway' Northstar replies. 'This isn't you talking. This is Cyttorak' Colossus tells Juggernaut, adding that he is giving him what he wants. 'No' Juggernaut replies, adding that Charles Xavier was the only one who ever cared about him, that he gave him a second chance when no one else would. 'Cyclops murdered him. This isn't about what Cyttorak wants, it's about what I want'. But Storm tells Cain that they all lament what happened to Charles, that they were his children, and they grieve for him just as Cain does. 'But we will not allow you to do this' she warns him. 'Then stop me' Colossus replies. 'So be it' Storm announces as she prepares to use her powers, until Colossus grabs her, 'Storm, no!' he exclaims. But Storm ignores him and instructs the X-Men to take the Juggernaut's helmet. Northstar speeds around the Juggernaut, while Firestar blasts microwave energy at the helmet. 'You had your chance, Marko, over and over and over. And over' Iceman points out as he encases the Juggernaut in a wave of ice, he then calls out 'Pixie, go!' The young mmutant hovers over the Juggernaut and using magical energy starts to wrench the helmet off of Juggernaut. 'This shouldn't hurt you... much! Sorry!' Pixie exclaims. Pixie then asks the others if she is doing this right, when suddenly, there is a clicking noise, and Cain asks 'You want the helmet off? It's off'. The helmet vanishes, and Cain's transformed face stands before the X-Men. His skin is red with strange panels across the top of his head. 'Cain...' a wide-eyed Colossus gasps. Kurt turns to Rachel, who reports that she can't read him, that there is something blocking his mind. 'Mein Gott' Kurt utters. The helmet clicks back into place, as Cain boasts that every weakness he had is done. 'You want to stop me? You can't' he declares. Cain suddenly slams his fists into the ground, breaking up the land around the X-Men and sending them careening backwards as he booms 'I'M THE UNSTOPPABLE JUGGERNAUT!' Cain adds that all of the X-Men are on his list as they all let Xavier die. 'Marko...' a voice calls out. 'You' Cain narrows his eyes as he sees Colossus stand amongst the rubble before him. 'You want to put an end to Cyttorak, remember? An end to all this needless destruction' Colossus reminds Cain, suggesting he stop this now, otherwise he will. 'Says the man who stole my power. You really think that you're not on my list?' Cain asks. He declares that Colossus couldn't beat him before, and sure as hell can't beat him now. 'We shall see' Colossus replies as he narrows his eyes. 'My name is Piotr Nikolaievitch Rasputin. I am one of the strongest beings on this planet' Piotr thinks to himself as he moves forward and with a massive cracking noise as his fist connects with the Juggernaut's armor, 'I am Colossus!' he exclaims. He continues to punch the Juggernaut over and over, and recalls that he has faced Cain Marko many times in battle, and that many times he has lost – but not today he decides, as he slams his fists down against the Juggernaut once again. 'You done?' the Juggernaut asks as he stands as if nothing ever happened. Colossus decides that, upon reflection, he could be wrong, and maybe it is he who will get beaten to a pulp by the Juggernaut again today. 'I think I broke both my hands' Colossus admits, and realizes that this may have been a mistake. 'My turn' the Juggernaut calls out as he slams one fist against Colossus, sending him careening backwards across a massive forest. Colossus eventually comes to a stop, and believes that he has broken several ribs. He knows that Cain is different, he can feel it. Cain is stronger, if that is even possible. Suddenly: 'You think I'm finished?' Juggernaut asks as a foot slams down, inches from Colossus's head. 'You've had this coming for a long time, you stupid, whining tin can' Cain tells Colossus. 'Every time we do this, you think you can beat me. After today, maybe you'll finally learn your lesson' Cain suggests. Colossus readies his fists, and knows that Can is right. He cannot beat him. But can die trying. 'I can die...' Colossus's thoughts trail off, while Cain rushes towards him, 'COME ON!' he shouts, and although Colossus's instinct is to fight, to match his strength against Juggernaut's, he steps aside and the Juggernaut lunges past him. 'I'm learning that my instincts are terrible' Piotr tells himself. He wonders what Logan would do, and realizes that Logan would cheat. The Juggernaut swipes at Colossus again, but the X-Man ducks and dodges his advances. 'FIGHT ME!' Juggernaut boom, slamming a fist into the ground, as Colossus jumps over him. 'I'm not fighting you' Colossus replies as he lands on the other side of Juggernaut and slams his fists into the ground – breaking it up. They were fighting on the edge of a cliff, and Juggernaut goes over the edge, as Colossus shouts 'I'm stopping you'. Juggernaut starts to plummet towards the unknown, a massive distance off the cliff, he shouts for Colossus, who then starts to fall as well. 'I did it. I stopped him. Stopped him from hurting my friends. From hurting Ororo and Kurt and Rachel...I saved them' Colossus tells himself. He starts to close his eyes, deciding that if that required his life, then so be it. 'I meet my death with no regrets, with no...what the hell am I doing?' Colossus thinks to himself, opening his eyes suddenly, he reaches up and grabs the edge of the cliff. Colossus pulls himself up and lays on the grass. Upon even more self-reflection, he has come to the conclusion that this may not have been a “sacrifice my life for the greater good” situation. Upside down, he sees the X-Men standing over him and asks them how long they have been there. 'Long enough, little brother' Storm replies. 'I was coming to get you, but you know...you're very heavy' Nightcrawler remarks. Colossus sits up and Storm asks him if he feels better. 'Much' Colossus replies. 'Good' Storm gells him, adding that she was getting tired of being mad at him all the time. 'You know he's still down there, right?' she adds. Colossus replies that he does, and that when the Juggernaut digs himself out, he will find a way to stop him again. Storm adds that they should probably warn Cyclops. 'Probably' Colossus supposes, looking down over the cliff. Storm turns to the other X-Men and suggests they go home. Once upon a time, there was a man. A man who got everything he wanted. In the end, he wasn't enough. In truth, it could never be enough. No amount of power could change who he was. It could never quench his thirst for power. He was now and forever the Juggernaut. And he would never stop. And as flames dart around the rocks at the bottom of the cliff, some of the rocks start to break up, as the Juggernaut's hand bursts free.   