H.A.M.M.E.R. agents have been pinned down by Deadpool, who is attempting to assassinate Ellis Kincaid, Mercury’s father. They have blocked off a section of road at Market Street and Powell. Meanwhile, Wolverine and Domino are pinned down by a chicken…  As Wolverine slices through a section of ventilation shaft in order to get them out of their confined space, Cyclops calls him on the radio, asking where the hell they are. “You’re not gonna…” asks Domino. Wolverine replies, “Tell ‘im that I got taken outta the fight by a %&*$% rooster? No. Takin’ that one to the grave.” He informs Scott that they’re on the move, and Scott replies that so are they. Up on the rooftops, Deadpool, who is clearly visible from below holding a rifle, sees the Blackbird closing in.  A cop points to the rooftop and asks one of the H.A.M.M.E.R. agents why no one’s taking him out. Meanwhile, one of Kincaid’s guards informs Norman Osborn that Kincaid is out in the open. Kat Farrell, erstwhile reporter for The Pulse, and her cameraman spot Kincaid and wonder if they should interview him. Unfortunately, now is not a good time, as a shot hit’s the ground inches from Kincaid’s feet. A H.A.M.M.E.R. assassin awaits orders from Osborn with his rifle aimed at Kincaid. More shots rain down around Kincaid, courtesy of Deadpool who is hoping Kincaid will make his last words good ones. Luckily, they are.  Kincaid looks at Kat Farrell and her cameraman and tells them that he lied. It was all a lie. Osborn, watching on television, gives the order to his assassin to shoot. Just as the shot rings out, Wolverine charges at Kincaid, grabs him around the waist and shoves him to the ground. Kat recognizes him immediately and exclaims that he just saved Kincaid from the sniper’s bullet. Logan looks up at Deadpool and notices that he’s aiming at the building across the street. “The hell you shootin’ at…” he wonders as he looks across and sees a shattered window where the H.A.M.M.E.R. assassin was standing.  Kincaid hugs Wolverine’s leg, thanking him profusely. He tells everyone that it was Norman Osborn who made him say all those things. Wolverine tells him they know, but Kincaid adds that the press doesn’t. He’ll tell them the truth. Logan informs him that his days of public speaking are over. Osborn is furious and orders his men on the ground to shut the situation down. His agents take Kat Farrell’s microphone so she can’t do any further damage.  On the rooftop, Domino confronts Deadpool and asks him to surrender. Wade asks if she thinks he’d surrender after all this. Cyclops replies for her. Standing with Colossus and Surge, he says they would, but he could do this the other way, too. The crowds below see the X-Men on the rooftop and they see them as heroes confronting a mad man. Wolverine walks over to Kat’s cameraman and asks if he want some real exclusive footage. Kat jumps at the chance. Logan tells Kincaid to stay there and tells Kat everything… everything. He takes the cameraman with him and makes sure he catches the X-Men in action.  Up above, the fight starts. Cyclops blasts at Wade who dives out of the way. He then orders Domino and Surge to move to the flank position in order to steer Deadpool forwards. They do and Deadpool leaps into the empty space, only to be punched in the face by Colossus. “Wow, you move fast for a big g-aaiiee!” Colossus grabs him in his giant metal fist and tells him the fight is over. Deadpool tries to head butt him, but comes out second best. Unfortunately, he whips off his mask and vomits blood over Piotr’s face, confusing him. He then kicks Colossus away as the frightened cameraman keeps his camera rolling. He tells Logan that his battery’s dying.  Deadpool reckons it’s time to wrap this up. Cyclops and Surge combine their powers and blast away, but Deadpool manages to get the drop on Cyke, aiming his rifle at Scott’s temple. “Admit it Cyclops, I got moves,” he boasts. Domino is about to take him out but Wolverine asks her not to. He wants to let him talk. Wade asks Cyclops why he’s done him like this. He’s the best thing that ever happened to the X-Men. Scott replies that he is not, never was and never will be an X-Man. Wade’s face drops. He replies that he made his costume and everything. Scott asks Wade to look at him. He does, only to be blasted at short range by his optic blast.  The cameraman now tells Wolverine that his battery’s dead. Logan asks if he got the important part. “Yep,” he replies. Logan says in that case, he got it all. Wolverine asks Wade if he’s done. Now that the camera’s off, Wade replies yes. Scott pauses for a moment. “What the &*%# just happened here?”   Wolverine informs him that they got set up. Wade planned every bit of this. Scott asks why. Logan reckons that as far as he can tell, it was to make them look good. And it worked. They took down the bad guy, putting themselves at risk to save Kincaid. They’re heroes again. Lying on the floor, dazed, Wade asks how that feels. Seriously, he adds, how does that feel?  (two hours later)  Cyclops is at the bus station with Deadpool. He doesn’t know what to say, but Wade says that no thanks are necessary. “Other than get the hell outta here and don’t come back,” adds Scott. Wade says he was leaving anyway. He knows that Scott is aware of what he has to say, but he just won’t say it. As he climbs on board the bus, Scott says quietly, “You got some moves, Deadpool.” Wade opens the window, grins and gives him the thumbs up. “I heard that.” 