The Avengers are watching a video screen showing the Hulk rampaging through town. The Avengers include Captain America, Scarlet Witch, Vision, and Hawkeye, and are led by Tony Stark’s head. The Avengers wonder how they can possibly defeat the Hulk. Stark then shows them the schematics for the Iron Avengers, machines with incredible strength, which have been hidden for years. Stark says they must be used now because Apocalypse is looking for them. Little do the Avengers know that a Phanlanx spy is in the vents, watching them. In the underground lair of Apocalypse, Apocalypse and his Horsemen, Archangel, Juggernaut, White Queen, and Sinister, watch a video feed from the Phalanx spy. Apocalypse sends the Horsemen to capture the Iron Avengers. Above Guilin, China, the Avengers parachute out of their Quinjet. When they get to the Iron Avengers’ hiding place, the door has already been opened. Inside, they find the Horsemen, and White Queen inside on of the Iron Avengers. White Queen fires at the Avengers and they are knocked to the ground. The two teams then engage each other. Archangel attacks Captain America, and he throws his shield which misses. After Archangel makes a remark about the shot being amateur, the shield comes and hits him in the back. Vision attempts to hold White Queen’s Iron Avenger back by becoming denser, but it does not work. He then makes his density less and goes through the building, disabling White Queen. Hawkeye takes a shot at Juggernaut and knocks him down, but not for long. He picks Hawkeye up above his head. Scarlet Witch uses her hex powers on Sinister, but they are ineffective. The Iron Avenger piloted by Vision throws White Queen out and then shoots at her and Sinister. Juggernaut drops Hawkeye and runs off with the others. Apocalypse is disappointed and says he will handle this personally. He walks into a pyramid and a huge robotic hand emerges out of the sand. The Iron Avengers exit the cave and are met by a giant Apocalypse. The Iron Avengers barely damage Apocalypse, and Stark tells them to place their hands on the colored displays and unlock the secret power of the Iron Avengers. They come together and from Ultimate Iron Man. Apocalypse uses his armageddon kick and Ultimate Iron Man blocks with his shield of fury. The two giants exchange energy blasts and Ultimate Iron Man wins. The Avengers fly away towards their battle with the Hulk. 