The future:A city lies in ruins. Human skulls litter the ground. 'Move, you Hounds! Move! Run them down!' orders the diabolical mutant-hating Ahab, who holds chains connected to several mutants, including Rachel Summers. Ahab instructs the Hounds to sniff out those wayward mutants, so that he, the Hound-Master can out them in their graves. Rachel comes to a halt: 'What is it, girl? Caught a scent, have you?' Ahab asks, before grinning as he looms over her and tells her that all the fear, desperation, dancing through that brain of hers – ringing like a dirge through her head – the sweet death knell of mutantkind! Now:London, England, where Rachel – now known as Rachel Grey – walks down a street, near where a woman and her daughter lay flowers at a memorial site. 'I wonder who they lost' a voice muses. Rachel reports that the woman lost a husband, and the girl a father. She adds that he had only discovered he was a mutant a little over a year ago. She reveals that he could turn electricity into music, and thought that attending a rally would help him meet others like himself. His family came with him, they wanted to support him, and when the Terrigen Cloud passed through, they were unaffected, but he died three days later, and two dozen others shared his fate. Erik Lehnsherr a.k.a. Magneto stands behind Rachel. She asks him how he found her. 'After what happened with my father... with Cyclops... I've done everything I can toget  the hell away from the X-Men. Especially X-Men of the terrorist variety' Rachel declares. 'And yet you haven't turned your back on the mutant race. You mourn our losses. I respect that' Magneto tells Rachel, explaining that it is for that reason he has given her space – until now. Magneto looks over at a group of young people who walk past, many of them on mobile devices. 'Sad – is it not? That others do not feel our pain in the same way' he remarks, while a horrified Rachel reads their thoughts: '...would've died soon enough anyway...', '...lost cause...', '...putting them out of their misery...', '...a couple of people turned into Inhumans here...', '...cloud changed them...' Wide-eyed, Rachel announces that the people are barely concerned with the mutants who died because of the T-Mists – they are more curious about the new Inhumans who were born here. 'Ah. Yes, I would have expected as much' Magneto frowns. He reminds Rachel that the cloud gives Inhumans their powers, and poisons mutants. 'For most people, it is easier to revel in life than it is to lament death' Magneto adds. Rachel asks him why he is here, and tells him that the last she heard, he was on some grand crusade against the enemies of their people. 'And so I am' Magneto confirms. He reports that a new Inhuman has emerged, one with the ability to foretell the future, and this young man, Ulysses, is being used to predict and prevent catastrophes. He adds that he worries Ulysses' gifts will also be used against mutants, or at least, mutants will not benefit from his predictions. 'I don't know if that's fair. I don't think we know enough -' Rachel begins, but Magneto interrupts her, informing Rachel that the Inhumans are sequestering this boy, and they know the Inhumans serve up the prophecies as they see fit. 'And we know they are much more interested in propagating their species than saving ours'. Magneto then asks Rachel if in the future she comes from, if she recalls an Inhuman lifting a finger to help mutantkind. Rachel hangs her head and offers no response. They stand before one of the memorials to fallen mutants, and Magneto asks her if they would need makeshift memorials like these if not for the Inhumans. Magneto informs Rachel that is why he has come to ask for her help, so that they can not only protect the future, but so they can protect the future for mutantkind. Magneto extends his hand to Rachel, who slowly, hesitantly, moves hers towards his. New York City, where Ororo “Storm” Munroe drops down onto the top of the Empire State Building, lightning crackling around her. She looks around, and a moment later, Queen Medusa of the Inhumans is teleported onto the building by the Inhuman dog, Lockjaw. 'Hello, Ororo' Medusa remarks, without looking Storm in the eye. 'Medusa' Storm replies, pointing out that they have both made suitably dramatic entrances. She suggests that now that is out of the way, they talk, woman to woman. Medusa instructs Lockjaw to go. 'I'll whistle when I need you' she tells him, before the dog teleports away. Storm thanks Medusa for meeting with her, to which the queen replies that she is unsure she had a choice. 'At least, I had no other option if I wanted answers' Medusa remarks, adding that she needs to know why there are mutants prowling around New Attilan without her knowledge or permission. 'What were you thinking? If my people found out -' Medusa begins, but Storm interrupts, admitting that Medusa has every right to be angry, but she hopes that Medusa can understand her reasons. Storm continues, explaining that she sent Gambit into New Attilan to protect Medusa, claiming that she always intended to tell her, but that there was so little time, and Medusa has been a bit preoccupied. Medusa scowls and states that she doesn’t like being kept in the dark – as it is insulting. She tells Storm that whatever is happening between their people, she thought that they, the two of them, were on better terms than that. 'If you had warned me Magneto was going to make some sort of play for Ulysses, preparations would have been made to crush such an action' Medusa declares, to which Storm explains that sending one of her own people, secretly, was an effort to safeguard mutants as well. She tells Medusa that she didn't know if Magneto would try anything. Storm points out that if she had warned Medusa in advance, while she was already on the defensive thanks to everything else that is going on, it might have sparked an incident. Storm announces that now, though, she has proof, as Magneto sent one of his own operatives, Fantomex, into New Attilan. She doesnt know why yet, but can assume it was to abduct or eliminate Ulysses. 'Luckily, we were there to stop him. The X-Men dealt with him'. Storm explains to Medusa that is why she is here – to let the X-Men handle Magneto. 'Magneto hates us, Storm. And his hatred is so deep that he can only imagine that we Inhumans feel the same way about him and every other mutant. I'm not sure I can simply look the other way' Medusa replies. Storm looks out over the city and wonders if perhaps she should have shared her concerns earlier. 'But there's no need for you to further damage relations between our people because of the actions of one man -' Storm starts to say, but Medusa interrupts her: 'One man who should have met mutant justice long ago. One man who will meet Inhuman justice now'. Medusa tells Storm that she has let Magneto run wild too long. Storm goes wide-eyed as Medusa announces that she can't help but wonder whether Storm sympathizes with Magneto. 'I sympathize with all mutants. My people – all of them – face extinction. I will not have -' Storm begins, but Medusa grits her teeth and leers at Storm: 'You are in no position to tell a queen what you will or will not have'. Storm responds by telling Medusa that she respects her and her position, before reminding Medusa that she, too, has been a queen, and they both know the burden of rule. Lightning crackles as Storm makes this announcement, to which Medusa waves her hand casually and asks 'Surely that was not a warning of some kind'. 'It was just... the weather' Storm replies. Medusa points out that they are not handling this very well, and Storm agrees that they are both becoming a little hot. Storm reminds Medusa that they are not enemies. 'Let me help you. Let me find out what it is Magneto wants. At this point, all he's done is send in a spy'. Medusa agrees to wait to hear from Storm until making any drastic response, but announces that if Magneto does anything else, she will have no choice but to respond in kind. Medusa declares that, of course, she must take some action, if only to protect the interests of New Attilan. Storm hangs her head as Medusa reminds her that, as she said, Magneto sent a spy to Attilan, so the very least she can do, is return the avor. Night has fallen over the Savage Land, where Magneto's headquarters, War Room X, is situated. In an empty office, a mirror suddenly blurs, and through it, emerges the Inhuman called Woz. He moves out of the office, carefully examining the corridors before him. Woz rounds a corner, where light pours from a meeting room, where Magneto's voice can be heard. He announces that he can understand why Storm took the actions she did, he sees how she believes building bridges with the Inhumans will help their kind. 'But she is mistaken' Magneto declares. Magneto stands at the end of a table. At his side is Monet St Croix, will sitting around the table are Rachel Grey, Victor “Sabretooth” Creed and Kurt “Nightcrawler” Wagner. Magneto states that the bridges Storm is building will collapse underfoot, and their people will drown in an ocean of good intentions. 'I, on the other hand, see only one viable option. We must make sure this boy – Ulysses – is secured'. Rachel tells Magneto that she hates to ask this: 'But “secured” doesn't mean “dead”, does it?' Monet asks what it matters. 'If you didn't want to get your hands dirty, Grey, you shouldn't have signed on as a pinch hitter' Monet mocks. Monet and Rachel have never worked well together, so Rachel tells Monet that she knows grief has turned into a heavy chip on her shoulder: 'But don't think I'll let you mouth off like that to me'. Nightcrawler agrees with Rachel, and announces that he will not condone killing this boy, whether or not he is a threat. Sabretooth suddenly interrupts the discussion by sniffing the air and telling the others that this is all real fun, but they have a chicken in the foxhouse. Woz suddenly turns and floats down the corridor, looking behind him, he appears anxious, but reaches the office where he arrived from, and starts to phase into the mirror – but suddenly, a telekinetic surge from Rachel pulls Woz backwards. 'No, you don't' she tells him. 'Sorry, friend, but I can't let you slip away just yet'. Magneto, Monet, Creed, Rachel and Nightcrawler close in on Woz, as Rachel tells Magneto that it looks like the Inhumans are using his playbook. 'Ha. “A spy for a spy!”' Nightcrawler exclaims, while Magneto remarks that it appears their timeline is changing. 'Actions such as this tend to escalate quickly. In this case... I prefer the offensive approach over the defensive' Magneto tells the others. New York City:'What a lovely little bungalow you've brought me to. And complete with ropes to make sure I don't slip away' Fantomex remarks inside a rundown apartment as he sits opposite Remy “Gambit” LeBeau, asking him if this is where he brings all his dates. 'Only the cheap ones, mon ami' Gambit replies. Fantomex supposes that Storm must really be hurting for cash. 'Putting me here... it's just not smart. In Limbo maybe... the Danger Room... but not some fleabag tenement that stinks of dead pigeons and mildew'. Gambit smiles and explains that he chose this spot, and that he doesn't think Fantomex deserved much better. 'Your friends – if you have any – don't know where you are. I doubt you're going anywhere'. Fantomex narrows his eyes and replies 'We'll see, won't we?' while hovering through the city flies Fantomex's vessel, EVA. Gambit stands up and tells Fantomex that he won't be lonely, though, as he knows some folks who would like to have a word with him. A portal opens, courtesy of Illyana “Magik” Rasputin, who has arrived along with Storm, Old Man Logan and Betsy “Psylocke” Braddock. Storm thanks Gambit for looking after Fantomex. Remy kisses Storm on her cheek, and tells her that whipping Fantomex's rear was his pleasure. Old Man Logan looks out a window, while Magik suggests that they make this quick, as she would rather deal with Limbo demons than the roaches that probably crawl around in this place. 'Funny. I was just saying the same thing' Fantomex remarks, before telling the X-Men that he assumes they are here to whisk him away to better accommodations. Betsy stands before Fantomex and tells him that she is afraid not. 'Let me guess, Elizabeth. You're here to tear my secrets from my mind. Oh, I bet you would just love that' Fantomex replies. He narrows his eyes at Psylocke and tells her that he is unwilling to give her any more pleasure. 'There's no need to invade my mind. I'll volunteer everything you want to know' Fantomex offers. He then reveals that he was tasked by Magneto to scope out New Attilan, to get a feel for what they might be doing with this precog of theirs, nothing more. He adds that he was under strict orders not to engage, and that he definitely had no intention of killing him. 'Some of us have changed, dear' Fantomex tells the wide-eyed Psylocke, while Storm frowns at him as she listens to his story. Psylocke looks at Storm and tells her that she thinks Fantomex is telling the truth – insomuch as he is capable of telling the truth. 'What are you saying, Elizabeth? Have we misjudged -' Storm begins, when suddenly Old Man Logan shouts, 'Storm! Outside! Everybody down! We've been set up!' Outside, Archangel a.k.a. Warren Worthington III flies towards the apartment, and suddenly, the room is thrown into chaos. 'Where'd he go?' Old Man Logan calls out, unsheathing his claws. Nightcrawler teleports into the room, 'Everyone is all right, ja?' he asks as he appears behind Fantomex. Nightcrawler tells Fantomex that Archangel was worried that he wouldn't see him coming, that he wouldn't have time to brace themselves. 'I told him to have faith in your abilities'. As he telepors away with Fantomex, Nightcrawler announces that it is nice to see he was right. 'There they are! On the street! Elf didn't teleport far!' Old Man Logan calls out as he sees Nightcrawler and Fantomex re-appear on the street below. He sees Monet and Creed with them and informs the others that they are not alone. 'They want a fight? They've got one!' Old Man Logan exclaims as he, Betsy, Storm, Magik and Gambit leap from the apartment down to the street. 'Right here, Old Man!' Creed grins as the enemies clash. Creed tells Old Man Logan that he isn't going to kill him, and remarks that the thing he always liked about tussling with him is that his healing factor means he can hurt Old Man Logan real bad, but he will still get back up. Betsy and Nightcrawler confront each other, with Betsy asking her friend what is wrong with him, how he can side with Magneto against the Inhumans. Nightcrawler tells her that iit isn't quite as black and white as that. 'I'm all for peace between our people, but I don't think we'll ever have that with Ulysses in the Inhumans' possession' Kurt explains. Holding her sword up as Monet flies towards her, Magik asks 'How'd you find us, Princess Perfecto? How'd you know where we were holding Fantomex?' Monet reminds Magik that he has a living spaceship following him around. 'And – surprise, surprise – the ship has a radio!' Monet points out. 'Thought you might have cast some spell to prevent such a thing, Devil-Girl' Monet replies. Warren moves towards Storm and tells her that he is not here to fight. Energy ready, Storm tells Warren that he has a strange way of showing it, Archangel tells her that he believes in Magneto's mission, but that he doesn't want to hurt friends to achieve it – unless he must. Gambit runs towards Fantomex, 'All right, on frere. Time for round two -' he calls out, when suddenly, 'Remy – stop this, please. We don't need to fight' Rogue declares as she appears behind Gambit. Gambit walks over to her: 'Rogue? You can't be a part of Magneto's plan. You can't support what he's -' Gambit starts to say, when suddenly, “Rogue” is revealed to be Mystique a.k.a. Raven Darkholme, who punches Gambit and tells him that she gets the feeling he would fall for the “Rogue's here to reconcile” trick over and over again. She remarks that it really is a weakness – a lot like a glass jaw. Blood pours from Sabretooth as Old Man Logan shoves his claws into him, before he calls out to Storm, telling her that something isn't right. 'These guys don't care about Fantomex! This isn't some sort of rescue mission!' Old Man Logan declares, before suggesting that it is a distraction. And, at New Attilan, Magneto and Rachel have arrived! 