Roxy is making video recordings of several people and the first person she highlights is long-time X-Man, Iceman, who is on Utopia. He is a reluctant participant, but Roxy explains that she wishes to leave a record, just in case the worst happens… in case it all goes to pieces and they die and there are no more mutants ever. She asks Bobby to speak up, as the mic on her camera isn’t great. Bobby turns his back to the camera and looks across the island. He tells her that he was there, most of the time, which Roxy already knows because she was there too. It’s the place that they ran to when Norman Osborn kicked them out of every place else. Kind of like the Alamo with an ocean view. Her next subject is Magneto who is struggling with an injury. On camera, he tells Roxy that he was where he said he would be. In the ranks of the X-Men. He explains that, when he came to Utopia, he made a decision to join them. It was with the knowledge that mutant numbers are now too low to sustain a species. He places his helmet over his white locks and adds that, accordingly, the oath that he swore was to the death. He exits a room which houses a table with what appears to be a dead body underneath a white sheet. He tells Roxy that no matter what she has heard, they are not dead yet. The next on camera is Cannonball. He tells Roxy that he was with his people. He couldn’t have been anywhere else, and didn’t want to be. You get asked to lead a team and at first it’s something that you do. Then suddenly, it’s something that you are. He doesn’t know how to explain it better than that. He looks kinda depressed. He adds that it isn’t about ego. You just try to be what they need you to be. And you fail. And you keep on trying. He doesn’t feel that he’s whining. He just thinks it’s hard on him. He looks down from a control booth to where Dr. Rao and Dr. Nemesis are operating on someone. “What do you think this is doing to Scott?” he asks. Next up is Cable. Hope is behind him, checking out the arsenal. Cable explains that he was with her through everything. Think about it, he adds. No more mutant births for more than a year. Counting down towards zero, day in, day out. Then Hope came… Hope Summers. You don’t get that many miracles in a lifetime, and when you do, you fight for them. Roxy tries to interview Wolverine next but he isn’t in the mood. He sits on a rock looking out over the ocean. He isn’t interested in Roxy’s little project. He pauses and then turns to her. “You know what? Screw it,” he snarls. “I did what I was told. That’s what you do in a war.” He says that he went where Scott said and killed who he said to kill. He watched his friend die. “She better be worth it.” Finally, Roxy turns to Cyclops and films him in his office. Scott tells her that he was where everybody was… on the front line. That’s where they live now. Maybe it’s where they’ve always lived. 