Cyclops stows away on Juggernaut and Black Tom’s plane to follow them to their boss, Ulysses. Black Tom checks in with Ulysses and tells him that they have successfully completed the mission. Ulysses doesn't believe them and tells them the only reward they deserve is death. He then cuts the power of the plane, forcing it to go down. Cyclops reveals himself to Juggernaut and Black Tom, and tells them the only way they'll survive is by jumping free and using Juggernaut's protective force field to save them. Black Tom argues but Juggernaut agrees and jumps out of the cargo bay holding onto Black Tom. Cyclops remains on the plane and tries to keep it in the air. Just as it seems as though he will crash and die, the plane is teleported to the Savage Land. The plane's autopilot re-engages and lands the plane. Cyclops steps out and asks Ulysses to show himself. Ulysses tells him to wait and then explains that he wanted to meet him on neutral ground and without the other X-Men interfering. Suddenly, Ulysses attacks from behind and injures Cyclops’s ribs. Cyclops fires back, drawing first blood with an optic blast. Ulysses decides to even the odds, and renders himself invisible. Cyclops fires off some optic blasts but can't hit what he can't see. Ulysses hits Cyclops a few times before he realizes his best option is to run. Cyclops runs past a Tyrannosaurus Rex, which attacks Ulysses because it is able to smell the blood from his wounds. The tyrannosaurus Rex starts to feast upon him when Cyclops saves Ulysses from the dinosaur’s grasp by blasting it with his optic blast. Cyclops notices the dog tags around Ulysses' neck and wants to know whether they are trophies. Ulysses reveals the reason for his hatred for Cyclops. Ulysses was once a Green Beret and his unit was called to the sight of a battle between the X-Men and some mutant terrorists. His squadron was caught in the crossfire, which killed five of Ulysses’ men and left him paralyzed. Ulysses blames Scott for their deaths, because Cyclops is the leader of the X-Men. He tells him that with the aid of resources from some human enemies of Cyclops along with one of his mutant adversaries, he had his body repaired and enhanced. All he wants is justice for his friends that died. Without warning Ulysses attacks again, removing Scott’s visor. Cyclops runs and retreats into a nearby cave. He puts on his ruby quartz sunglasses, however one of the lenses is broken. Scott makes a temporary eye patch with some of his clothing. He realizes that without the visor he can’t control the power of his blasts and has no depth perception so couldn't pull off anything too tricky. His only option would be to open full blast on Ulysses, killing him. Faced with this decision, Cyclops opts to cave in the entrance to the cave, trapping himself inside. Ulysses leaves the site of the cave, saying that seeing as Cyclops is too scared to face him, he'll go kill the rest of the X-Men, to make Cyclops suffer. Cyclops wonders what he is going to do know as he needs to let his teammates know about Ulysses but he can't blast his way out of the cave without causing a cave-in. 