Cyclops is stuck inside a cave in the Savage Land, a predicament he brought upon himself in the previous issue. He turns on a torch and sees some blue bat-like creatures attack a redheaded girl in the cave. Cyclops tries to help the girl and starts fighting the creatures. He takes out a few but then he gets surrounded. A screaming noise is heard and the creatures retreat because they have sensitive ears. The tribe of the girl are responsible for the noise. They are carrying the girl who is unconscious. Cyclops tries to talk with them but he is knocked out by the tribe leader, and taken to their home. When he awakes, Cyclops talks with the girl he helped save before. She is called Kendra, and her people are forced to live in the caves to avoid being killed by the Visigon, a horrible monster. The monster, when looked upon, renders a person blind. All of the cave dwellers live without sight, and in fear of the Visigon. Daniel, the leader, thinks that Cyclops is a spy for the visigon and takes off his glasses causing Cyclops to fire an optic blast. He asks for his glasses back. The tribe people offer to help him escape the cave, as long as he destroys the Visigon. Scott wonders how he should do that, as he needs to look at something to use his power, yet looking at the Visigon would leave him blind; yet he agrees to the task. Cyclops tells the tribe people a little about where he comes from and about his ‘tribe’, the X-Men. He takes the tribe leader’s sword and seeks out the great beast, although Daniel tells him that it will be no good against the Visigon. Cyclops steps out of the cave into the village where the visigon awaits. He blindfolds himself, so that he won’t be able to look at the Visigon and, like the tribe people, lose his vision. He challenges the Visigon to come out and fight. After a brief moment he hears it come towards him. It is a giant slug like creatur with many eyes and teeth. Cyclops strikes a few blows to the monster’s tentacles, but his sword is knocked away and he is then caught and is pulled towards the mouth of the beast. Kendra rushes to save him, she grabs a spear and taunts the visigon. She is able to divert the Visigon's attention allowing Cyclops to escape the creature’s grasp but not without getting hit by one of the tentacles. Cyclops has enough and removes the blindfold, firing a tremendous blast into the monster’s mouth, which essentially obliterates it. He checks to see if Kendra is ok and finds that she is fine and her sight has been restored. It appears that killing the Visigon somehow restores the sight of the tribe, whom are eternally thankful to Cyclops. They show him a portal to escape the Savage Land. Kendra asks him to stay but he refuses as he must return. He gets on a boat and enters the portal in order to hunt down his enemy, Ulysses. 