Cyclops, Beast, Wolverine and Jean Grey are fighting a group of sentinels. After efficiently destroying them, the Sentinels and surroundings fade and the team are standing in the Danger Room. Charles Xavier calls Scott into his study. Professor Xavier asks Cyclops how things are going. Scott believes Xavier is asking about the progress of the X-Men and starts to talk about their training. However Xavier was actually referring to his personal life. They have a discussion, which throughout most of it Cyclops is confused. The Professor tells Scott that he needs to take some time off, to get his head together. Reluctantly Cyclops agrees. Cyclops decides that he should go to Alaska and so heads out on his motorcycle, down the Trans-Canada Highway towards Anchorage. On the way, however, Cyclops is forced to pull over as he is met by a blizzard. He finds a motel to stop for the night. Scott enters the motel and is greeted by a female attendant. The motel attendant flirts with Scott, However before the conversation can go very far, Black Tom Cassidy and the Juggernaut burst through the door, interrupting them. Scott realizes that a fight is about to happen and asks Black Tom and Juggernaut to take the conflict outside. Juggernaut obliges by throwing Cyclops through the window, and into the snow outside. Black Tom and Juggernaut exit the motel and as they advance upon Cyclops, they tell him that they have been employed as mercenaries. Apparently their employer has paid them to capture, or even kill Scott Summers. Scott responds by shooting a full force optic blast at the Juggernaut, however he just laughs off the attack. Cyclops switches from his ruby quartz glasses to his battle visor. Cyclops now has better control of his optic blasts, which he then uses to blow up a nearby truck by aiming at the gas tank. Black Tom gets caught in the explosion and is injured. Juggernaut seeing his friend in pain goes into a mad rage. Cyclops, knowing he can't beat the Juggernaut by brute force alone, turns ands runs across a frozen pond. He draws Juggernaut closer to him, and Juggernaut attacks with a handclap shockwave, which knocks Cyclops off his feet to the ground. Scott's has got juggernaut where he wants him and he shoots a blast into the ice below the juggernaut.The Juggernaut falls through the ice into the cold water, as Cyclops leaves to try and find Black Tom. Tom is trying to reach for his wooden staff, through which he could channel his power. However Cyclops arrives and stops him from getting to it. He picks him up, and demands to know who has employed him and the Juggernaut. Juggernaut has freed himself from the pond and has taken the motel attendant as a hostage. He threatens to harm her unless he gives in. Cyclops fires a small optic blast at Black Tom's head, and tells Juggernaut that he has ten seconds to drop the girl or else he'll kill Black Tom. Juggernaut decides to give in and releases the girl. Before he releases Tom, Cyclops demands to know then name of their employer. They tell him that a man called Ulysses, who has a strong grudge against Cyclops, has employed them. The Juggernaut and Black Tom leave, however Cyclops has planted a tracking device on Black Tom. Cyclops gets on his motorcycle and rides after them, hoping to be led to their employer. 