Cyclops looks over Cable to see if his mind has returned to the present (see Uncanny X-Men #321). A charge of energy shoots from Cable knocking over Cyclops as his consciousness returns. Jean reveals to Cyclops that she felt the immense pain Cable is suffering due to the techno-virus as Domino frees Cable from the construct. Cable is unsure if the message got through and asks Xavier to untangle his memory. The professor finds out that it has been a success, however they are unsure whether it'll make a difference, as they do not know what Legion is up to in the past. Gambit gets angry because there is nothing they can do and argues with Cable. Domino stops Rogue from interfering and they start to argue as well. Before it gets out of hand, Cyclops cools them down by firing an optic blast between the combatants. The holographic image of Lilandra tells the X-Men that there is no more than an hour before the crystalline wave hits Earth. The Beast wonders if he has wasted his life because he spent it aquiring knowledge and trying to help mankind, instead of simply enjoying life like his friend Archangel.  Archangel flies over to Beast and tells him that he has been the best of friends, and Beast reciprocates. Gambit is still upset that there is nothing he can do and Rogue tries to snap him out of it but he ends up upsetting her instead. He realises his mistake before trying to catch up with her to apologise. Domino is cleaning her gun when Cable comes over. He tells her that he has recently thought of her as more than a friend and wants to know her reaction, she thinks he is kidding around and tells him so, to which he agrees with her, before walking away looking solemn. Jean Grey and Cyclops hold each other and Jean tells him that she thought she would at least see those closest to her one more time including Logan. Cyclops tells her he misses him as well and Jean tells him she loves Scott more than ever. They ponder telling Cable that they raised him in the future (Adventures of Cyylops and Phoenix 1-4) when Xavier approaches them. He tells them he is glad for their happiness but he wonders if he made a difference to the world. Jean and Cyclops tell him that if the X-Men are any indication, he shouldn't doubt his value. Jean and Cyclops walk over to Cable and tell him that they were "Redd" and "Slym" who raised him in the future. Cable thanks them and tells them he already knew, but wanted to wait until they were ready to tell him. They hug and tell him that they love him before walking off. Domino comes over to Cable and reveals that she overheard their conversation and then starts to talk about their relationship before Cable asks her to shut up and kiss him, which they do. Xavier tells them he wants to teach his students a final lesson. He tells them that they have spent an hour of last things and that they have learnt the gift of closure and that he will miss them all terribly. The X-Men stand together and watch as the wave reaches earth and converts it and themselves to crystal before shattering. 