The Director reviews his file on Weapon X’s agent Kane. He thinks that Kane doesn’t know how much is too much. Kane is loyal and has been with the program from the start, always striving to be the best, no matter the costs. Obsessed with constant improvement, Kane is willing to sacrifice far more of himself than any sane person should ever consider. No matter what, the Director assigns Kane and Agent Brent Jackson onto their next mission, the recruitment of a woman known as Rapture. The Director himself knows little about her, but Jackson thinks that she would be a valuable asset. That, in itself, makes the woman untrustworthy in the Director‘s eyes. Rapture is waiting in a room in a Hotel, when the door is demolished and five S.H.I.E.L.D. Agents enter. They call her a traitor and a deserter and they are going to bring her in. Rapture responds by kicking the table and starts shooting at them. She shoots several agents, but when the remaining attackers concentrate their fire, both guns get blasted from her hands and she receives a hit in the shoulder. However this doesn’t stop her and when the agents have runs out of ammo, she leaps forward to take them out with some kicks. Rapture admits to herself that they were better than she thought. Apparently Nick Fury must think her worth the effort if he sends his best agents after her. She tries to leave the hotel but notices more agents downstairs. Rapture heads back into her room, wondering what to do, as suddenly the wall explodes behind her. Jackson and Kane enter through the smoke and debris. Jackson offers her his hand, but Rapture immediately begins to curse him. Meanwhile Kane proceeds towards the staircase and leaps onto the incoming S.H.I.E.L.D. troops. After briefly watching how Kane deals with his opponents, Jackson takes Rapture out of the building. She asks about his friend, but Jackson points out that Kane is nobody’s friend, besides he can take care of this situation himself and they arranged a place to rendezvous. A little bit later, Kane joins up with them in a dark alley, amazed that Rapture hasn’t left Jackson yet. Rapture tells him that she has no reason to run from him, after all it was Jackson who got her to join S.H.I.E.L.D.‘s Psi Corps and made her head of the Black Ops team called the Contingency. Kane tells her that he knows, but according to Jackson they didn’t leave on the best of terms and that he expected some hostility between them. Rapture is not happy that Jackson has been spreading rumors about her, and since she knows him really well she comes right to the point. She asks them what they want from her and Brent starts to explain how Weapon X can give her real psychic powers, unlike her current powers which are mostly derived from a special neuro-net suit she stole from S.H.I.E.L.D. The Weapon X program can also give her and her team amnesty. In turn she has to join Weapon X. Rapture replies that she doesn’t want Jackson back in her life: he betrayed S.H.I.E.L.D. at the first chance, he betrayed her team by bringing them together and then tossing them to the wolves, and on top of that all , he betrayed her. Rapture then turns to Kane and – although she has no idea who he his - warns him that sooner or later Jackson will also betray him. Brent interrupts, demanding a simple answer, will she join them – yes or no. Rapture repeats that she is not interested : “Not just no, Brent, but hell no !“ Besides the Contingency have their own plans. Jackson once more attempts to get her interested by telling her that she has no idea what Weapon X is about, but he replies that she knows. And when she wants to kills somebody, she doesn’t have to hide behind a government license. Kane then decides to try a different approach and reminds her that she owes them for the save from the S.H.I.E.L.D. squad, but Rapture says that she didn’t ask for their help and could have handled the situation herself. And for all she knows, it could have been Jackson and Kane who led the agents to her the first place. Rapture turns around to leave, and Kane prepares to attack her. Jackson tries to stop him, thinking that he can somehow convince her, but Kane backhands him stating that rapture understands only one kind of talk : “We have a saying at Weapon X ... it goes something like this – If you’re not with us, you’re dead!“ Kane starts blasting, but Rapture easily leaps out of harms way. Thanks to her abilities to make an opponent misjudge her position, and to anticipate his next move by a split second, she is capable of avoiding the first series of Kane’s attacks. She lands a kick and Kane stumbles backwards into some trashcans, but he gets up in no time, stating that part of him hoped she would turn the offer down, so that he would get a decent fight out of this. By now Kane has figured out her powers and counters her telepathy by strictly relying on his cyborg-senses. Now he beats the woman up with ease, and Rapture realizes that she can’t affect his robotic senses. She has only one option – to run and come up with a better plan. Understanding that Kane is more a creature of emotion than of intellect, she keeps him agitated that he keeps chasing her without realizing where she is luring him. Having reached an abandoned building, rapture stops and waits for Kane to come after her. Kane starts to shoot, but she dodges his blasts that hit the supports of the building instead. Kane only notices as pieces of the ceiling are already coming down. Rapture explains that the building was a S.H.I.EL.D. safehouse that received structural damage during a battle with Hydra. It was about to be torn down next week, the only thing holding it up being the shaky structure that Kane now damaged. Kane yells at her that she must be insane, as is going to die as well, but Rapture smiles and teleports away. The building gives in and Kane is buried. Back at Weapon X, Kane and Brent are arguing in front of the Director: Kane blames Jackson for not telling him of Rapture’s teleportation powers, while Jackson blames Kane for not reading the mission sheet. Kane in turn mentions that Rapture was right about Jackson, who then puts the argument aside by stating the obvious – they have lost the woman. After they have left his office, the Director finishes his report. Although Weapon X has other priorities for the moment, they will eventually have to take down the Contingency and their leader Rapture, wherever she currently is. Elsewhere, a hooded figure walks down a street, it’s Rapture. Right next to her a mugger attacks a man with a knife and takes all his money. Rapture glances at them as she passes by, but does not stop. Apparently neither the mugger nor his victims recognize that she was there. 