Alien sewers:A cadre of Badoon soldiers marches past. Kitty Pryde peers at them from a hidden point, then tells her partner Peter Quill that they have a window. Let’s go! Peter doesn’t move, not even when she repeats her order. He’s okay here. She reminds him they are in the subterranean poop hole of a Badoon prison planet outpost. Can he do whatever this is later? He lost a planet, Peter states and remains sitting. He’s really doing this now? she asks. She asked him to talk about this to her in about ten safer places. He lost his friends, Peter continues. And he lost her. She’s right here, Kitty points out. He looks at her and repeats he lost her. They have to do this later, she repeats. He doesn’t know what he’s supposed to be doing. She sits down next to him silently. He hasn’t commented on her new look, she tries to change the subject, referring to her outfit that consists mostly of yellow pouches. No, he replies. Absolutely no. No to the outfit or commenting on it? She asks. Does she think this is his first trip around the Andromeda Strain? No to her trap. Asking what he thinks of her outfit is a trap? she sulks. No, a trap over an open Chitauri Shurg pit is a trap. This is a huge krutackin’ trap. He’d rather talk to Thanos about his moisturizing regime than talk to her about her clothes. Well, clearly he doesn’t like it, she sulks. Peter tells her she is an amazing woman. She’s a teacher, a scholar, a warrior and she’s trying to make the galaxy a better place. But she cannot dress herself to save her life. How dare he? she seethes. She asked. What’s wrong with her outfit? she demands. He said no. She sulks while he begins to grin. Like he dresses so great, Kitty pouts. Neither blue nor Indiana Jones is his color. He points outs she started dressing in his clothes the moment he left the team. Kitty claims she was keeping his brand alive… She tried to steal his look, Peter interrupts. Until she realized he hadn’t done laundry since the Kree-Skrull war, she adds. His brand is bigger than the two of them, he claims. Well, she’s been a superhero since she was 13, Kitty sighs. And the fact that she hasn’t been able to pull a look together in all this time is maddening to her. So she hates what she’s wearing too? he asks. Of course she does, she snaps, she’s not blind! Are they fighting about this for real? he asks. Of course not, she replies. She needs him ready. Is he ready to go now? Did she actually use that terrible outfit to snap him out of his funk? Worked, no? He gets up and announces she’s making him dizzy. She reminds him they are in the middle of an extraction and he is moping around. He lost a planet, Star-Lord points out. Yeah, she caught hat part. They move on as she continues that what happened on Spartax wasn’t his fault. He was king when it happened, Peter insists. Dude, he’s gotta move on. As they move through the sewers, she continues the problem is he overshot. Then she shushes him. They are here! In the sewers below them, a group of armed Badoon walk. Despite her protests, he shoots them. Angrily, she tells him she could have phased close and taken them out quietly. He apologizes. His head isn’t in it. Anyway, Kitty continues, he was too successfully, as the badass renegade Guardian of the Galaxy. So successful, they tried to co-opt him into being a legit leader type. When he took the gig, he overshot. So he shouldn’t have taken the gig? Peter asks. She didn’t say that. More Badoon come and they fight them while continuing the discussion. He thought she was disappointed in him for taking the gig. The fight over, they run on. Kitty reminds him she said at the time she supported him. She was disappointed in him for not using the same badass, renegade Guardian of the Galaxy kick-assery when he overshot. He was letting them puppet him and it was hard to watch. He corrects her that he was trying to act like an adult, trying to listen and learn. Well, it was hard to watch, Kitty repeats. He should have come in there swagger first. That was what the planet needed. That’s who he is. Instead, he overshot and missed. So now it’s time to get back to the basics. Space pirate, galactic Guardian that answers to no one but his own conscience, right here, right now. Suddenly, they hear Badoon voices and very soon face a group of them, including a very large one. Too many to blast their way out, Peter figures. He suggests running. Kitty points out they could let the Badoon take them where they want to go instead. No way they’d do that if they know who they are looking for, Peter retorts. Kitty points out she’s been doing this since she was 13. She knows when to run and when to do the other thing. The big Badoon hits Peter, who passes out. He awakes somewhere else with Kitty, who admits that went poorly. So how long has she been a hero again? he asks sarcastically. She got him out of there, didn’t she? After he lost a tooth, he complains. Again, they find Badoon looking for them and they are hiding. She lost her gun, Kitty finds. He lost a tooth, he reminds her. Peter shoots down a Badoon flier and they make a run for it. They emerge in a prison camp full of emaciated, suffering prisoners. Kitty orders Peter to give her the gun. He tells her to stick to the plan. The plan sucks, give her the gun! Does she have to take it from him? she threatens when he hesitates. He asks her what she plans to do. She plans to shut this all down. By herself? He inquires. This is a concentration camp, she replies. It’s a prison planet, he points out. They knew that. That’s why they snuck in here. This is a concentration camp! Kitty shouts with tears of rage. She grabs the gun. He stick to the plan. She’ll distract them. She air-walks upward then fires the element gun at a watchtower. When she has the guards’ attention she shouts “chag sameach, mother &%$%/!” A guard glider fires at her. The blast phases through her and hits another glider. As that one falls, Peter gets onto the glider. While Kitty distracts the other guards, Peter addresses the prisoners, telling them to get to the airfield and get the ships and go. Some prisoners recognize and thank him. He asks if they know where the high-risk political prisoners are kept. A moment later, he is taken out by a huge Badoon. Kitty is finished but can’t find Peter anymore. Peter awakes to find himself in a Badoon arena and is informed that he is sentenced for death for crimes against the Brotherhood and the Sisterhood of the Badoon. 