HalaHome world of the KreeThe crown jewel of the galaxy:Home to the most advanced civilization in the universe. The Kree’s power was felt in every facet of every planetary system in the galaxy. Without the Kree, the galaxy would have perished under cosmic threat long ago. Without the Kree, so many planets like Earth would have buckled and fallen. They saved them from invasion, saved them from themselves, that is until the Guardians of the Galaxy helped destroy it. Now put themselves in her skin. She was on a mission for the great Supreme Intelligence in the far reaches of the galaxy. She served as an Accuser and Punisher for a school of Badoon, who were trying to enslave a lesser culture of Queega. When she returned home, everything she has ever known, everyone she has ever loved, gone. She is the only survivor of the great Kree warriors. She is the last Accuser. She is Kree. She trained from birth in the lava jungles of Restrogr. She hunted her first opponent on behalf of the empire at age eleven. She joined the honored ranks of the Accusers by passing a test of blood and courage, handed down from three thousand generation of Kree. She protected the galaxy on behalf of the Supreme Intelligence in every way she was asked to. She is Kree. And because of them, the Kree are no more. A society as pure and noble as the Kree, wiped out! The foundation of this great galaxy, broken! Did they actually think they could run from planetary genocide? That there would be no consequences? She is Kree. She is Hala. She is all that is left. And they will atone! the Kree woman Hala swears, as she pushes her weapon into the ground causing a shockwave that fells the Guardians. Kitty phases through Hala in an attempt to short-circuit any tech she is wearing, but to no avail. Peter shouts at Kitty to get out of there and asks if anyone caught what the crazy lady was yapping about. He doesn’t speak Kree, but he thinks she’s mad and wants to kill him. Rocket sarcastically tells him he’s good and reminds him how they narrowly escaped the destruction of the Kree home planet. Crazy Lady is taking it out on them. Drax booms this will not stand. She will cease this attack or suffer the wrath of the Guardians of the Galaxy! The Thing agrees that’s one way to say it, but back on Earth they have a little saying and he thinks it’s completely appropriate here. It’s clobberin’ time! he shouts as he belts Hala. She knew he was going to say that, Kitty grins. Hala is down. Aaand they are welcome, Ben states with a bow. Drax is impressed. So is Ben, though he hates hitting a broad. Kitty tells him not to be sexist. Ben defends his actions. She was gonna kill them. Calling her a broad is sexist, Kitty clarifies. Ben has to wrap his head around the notion that calling her a broad is sexist but hitting her isn’t. Rocket muses he had a dream about this lady. Several of them were there, plus Mantis and she was attacking them… The Royal Guard wants to whisk Peter to safety. Oh now they show up, he scoffs and orders them to get medical to help for Gamora and Groot. The guards are obtuse. Peter tells them to throw the lady into jail, they insist on killing her for attacking him. She gets her day in court! Peter shouts. The guards protest she forfeited that right. Okay, who here is the elected king of the planet? Peter fumes. They are all unaware that Hala has regained consciousness. Drax admires her spear. Kitty asks him to put it down. They are surrounded by itchy trigger fingers and he doesn’t know how it works. Even as he wants to assure her of its safety, it emits a burst of energy, injuring Drax and shocking the others. Venom shouts at him to drop it. Kitty figures he can’t and tries to get to him, but is hurt by the energy. Peter shouts her name but the royal guard keeps him from getting to her. The guards open fire on Drax, even as Peter gathers up the unconscious Kitty. Hala shouts an order in Kree and the weapon returns to her hand. The next energy burst fells them all, though Hala has to help a little with Drax, who is still conscious. That done, she turns to the unconscious Peter Quill. She pulls him up. She promised herself if she could avoid killing him before she destroyed the planet she would. And she has. She knows all about him. Half Spartax, half Earth. He is accused and found guilty. He will be punished. An eye for an eye. A planet for a planet. But because it is the great Kree homeworld she is speaking of, his punishment will be both of his homeworlds. He will watch the planet Spartax ripped apart as she watched hers. And then she will turn toward Earth… Later, Peter awakes to find himself helpless in an escape pod in space near Spartax, utterly helpless… 