First Story: ?!?! Excalibur’s “pets” Lockheed the Dragon and Widget the…head, appear in a strange office, “dressed” even stranger - Widget has a moustache and bowl-hat on, while Lockheed is sporting a chequered cap. They look at each other puzzled, then fly up to a mirror, seeing how strange they look for themselves. Lockheed squawks, before a mysterious envelope is slid under the door. Lockheed opens the door, but there is no one on the other side. Widget and Lockheed look at each other, confused still, when Lockheed burns the envelope open, revealing a photo of a large dragon held prisoner by a nasty looking guy. Lockheed and Widget look at each other in shock, Lockheed drops the photograph, before Widget motions out the window, where the long-nosed criminal is driving a car with a large bundle on the back, all tied up. ‘Nyah-ha-ha’ laughs the nasty looking criminal. Also waiting outside the office are two-well dressed people. The young woman remarks that all this waiting is getting to her, and addresses the man as “68”. The man addresses the woman as “99.9” and tells her she won’t have to wait any longer, motioning to Lockheed and Widget who have flown from the office. Meanwhile, Excalibur’s handsome and still-missing leader, Brian Braddock, otherwise known as Captain Britain, continues down the yellow brick road he has been following for some time now. Brian tells himself that he is still lost in the neighborhood of make-believe, but as he sees a white rabbit hopping along ahead of him, he mutters that it looks like he has got his storybook tales mixed up. Brian grabs the rabbit and asks him what he is doing here. ‘They couldn’t get Mel Brooks or Buck Henry?’ offers the rabbit as an explanation. Elsewhere, the free members of Excalibur - Meggan, Kitty “Shadowcat” Pryde, Kurt “Nightcrawler” Wagner and Rachel “Phoenix” Summers are preparing to free Brian, Lockheed and Widget. Computer-whiz Kitty remarks that in a few minutes she should have it sorted. Surrounded by the metal remains of their enemies, Kitty explains that she has figured out the problem with Captain Britain - that his set-up is entirely different than theirs was. Concerned about her missing lover, Meggan asks Kitty if she thinks it will work. An assured Kitty replies that she isn’t working in the dark anymore, before Kurt exclaims that he knew she could do it. Kitty thanks Nightcrawler for the vote of confidence, before Rachel asks what there is left to do. Kitty replies that they will see what happens when she presses this button…. Back on the yellow brick road, the White Rabbit exclaims that he has no time for psychoanalysis as he really must be going, because he is terribly late for an important date. Brian calls to the Rabbit, asking him to come back, when he remarks that he is felling groggy, and falls to the ground. Kitty announces that her plan seems to be working, and explains that all she has to do now is merge Lockheed and Widget’s program and they should be set, meaning they can cut to the chase. Speeding behind the nasty evildoer with the captured dragon, and Lockheed and Widget flying alongside. “68” tells “99.9” that this is another fine mess which they have gotten themselves into, ‘Why should this time be any different?’ replies “99.9”. As they round a corner, they lose track of the villain, wondering which way to go, “99.9” tells “68” not to mind that, and motions to the air, suggesting they follow Lockheed and Widget. But as Lockheed flies into Widget’s portal, with the agents entering moments later, they wonder if it was such a good idea. On the other side of the portal, the agents’ car comes to a screeching halt as a train roars along in front of them. ‘Runaway train!’ exclaim the agents, before turning and following, along with Sherlock and Watson - or, rather, Lockheed and Widget. “99.9” exclaims that the runaway train is heading straight for the dragon who is being tied to the train tracks by the dastardly villain, to which “68” points out that they can all see that, adding that they will never make it in time, but as Lockheed and Widget fly to the rescue, “68” remarks ‘Those two are that poor creatures only hope!’ Widget flies straight into the villains’ face, knocking him over, while Lockheed burns the ropes that trap the much larger dragon. “68” remarks that they are too late, while “99.9” points out the pleading look on Lockheed’s face. Suddenly, Widget creates another portal, and the train runs straight into it. The agents stop their car, “99.9” exclaiming that she loves a happy ending as the large dragon and Lockheed hug. “68” tells “99.9” that it is not going to be a happy ending this time, asking her if she has forgotten what they are doing here to begin with. “99.9” asks if they have to do it, to which “68” replies that of course they do, as they cannot let chaos stand in the way of law and order. “68” informs Lockheed and widget that they are under arrest for practicing without a detective’s license, and orders them to come along. Suddenly, a odd-looking cowboy with a dreadful accent who happens to be riding a large dog, approaches the agents and tells them to hold on, remarking that he liked this scenario the way it turned out, and aims to see that it stays this way. Lockheed, Widget and the large dragon all look at each other, confused, as the cowboy exclaims ‘Hi-yo, Shooby - away!’ and starts to chase “99.9” and “68” away. Meanwhile, Kitty informs her teammates that everything is tied together, and all she has to do is phase them through the wall and Excalibur should be reunited at last! Nightcrawler and the girls suddenly find themselves standing on the yellow brick road, with the Emerald City in the distance. Rachel motions to Widget, Lockheed and…”Lockheed’s girlfriend”, before adding that if the poppies that were planted in the programming are doing there stuff, the Loonies should be feeling the effects right about now. Excalibur notice the fallen Loonies, all lying near Captain Britain, Meggan pointing out that Brian was the only one who wasn’t actually in some bizarre Murderworld, as Kitty explains that until now, everything Brian has been experiencing took place in his mind, though she has changed the rules. ‘And not a moment too soon!’ declares Brian as he is freed from the contraption, exclaiming ‘We are going to find that joker and when we do, I’m going to stuff that grin of his down his throat!’ 