First Story:  Havok has survived the grenade blast and has tracked the mercenaries from two nights ago to a seedy Australian bar. The doorman won’t let him because they don’t allow “no sissies in stupid tights and raincoats.” Havok ditches the coat but says the costume stays. He blasts his way in and uses hand-to-hand combat to dispatch the doorman, since, given the mental state he is in, he fears he will accidentally kill the thug if he uses his powers. He doesn’t want to become that much like Wolverine.  Havok goes into the smoke-filled room and thinks about how he lost the other women in his life, now including Leila. Finding the mercenary boss from the night before, the man takes a look at Havok and says it looks like the ballet is in town. The X-Man doesn’t give any reaction and just says the Tracker sent him. The merc boss totally changes at this and suggests they go out back. There, Havok gets a knife pulled on him and is accused of lying.  Several of the boss’ thugs appear on cue on an adjacent rooftop, guns pointed straight at Havok. The boss wants revenge for the Tracker’s murder of one of his men. Before anyone can fire, though, Havok shoots the building and it collapses underneath the thugs. The merc boss runs back inside frantically and jumps behind the bar. Havok chases him right into another ambush in the barroom.  The mercs fire from behind but Havok manages to duck just in time. He calls them inept and angrily blasts the stairs they are on. The boss is sweating now and refuses to talk, saying the Trackers will kill him if he talks. Havok blows off half the bar and says that he will do worse if the boss doesn’t talk. The boss finally breaks down and says he heard something about a Cairo Confectioneers Warehouse in Egypt.  Havok turns to leave and the boss prepares to throw his knife into the X-Man’s back, saying he’ll see the X-Man in hell. Havok is wise to this, though, and shoots first at the floor. It collapses out from under the merc boss, sending him falling into the basement. Havok says he’ll have to meet his foe there, because he’s got to go to Egypt first. 