First Story: Logan is behind the wheel of an old pick-up truck driving through the pouring rain. He has journeyed to the Carolinas to search for the X-Men after hearing reports of mutant activity there. Once there, Logan learned that the mutants reported in the area were actually the government team called Freedom Force. Logan thinks to himself that he has no use for them and didn’t care for his own time as a government agent. Instead he found the X-Men and a family he never thought he’d have. Now, he is determined to find them. Suddenly, something huge comes into view on the road ahead of Logan. He slams on the breaks and sees a gigantic bear attacking a man. Logan gets out of the truck and pops his claws. He says to the bear “Guess you didn’t hear about glasnost? The bear is supposed to be friendly now!” The bear roars angrily in response. Logan lunges at the bear in response and easily dispatches it. He then helps the dazed man the bear was attacking into his truck. He hopes that the man was too distracted to notice his claws. Logan wonders why his unexpected passenger, a puny intellectual type, was doing way out in this neck of the woods to begin with. The man rudely breaks the silence and tells Logan that he’s not thrilled with this situation either. Logan is taken aback by the guy’s gall as he says he doesn’t like the company much and demands that Logan pulls over and lets him out. Logan can’t believe this guy is serious but relents when the stranger insists. As he gets out of the truck, he calls back “Good riddance!” Logan watches as the man wanders off into the woods and decides to hang out for a bit in case he changes his mind. Elsewhere, a naked Logan stands in what appears to be a darkened outdoors area. He pops his claws and slashes them at an unseen person who cries out in horror. Blood splatters everywhere as Logan’s face becomes twisted with rage as he kills the unseen individual. A short while later, night is setting in and Wolverine decides he can’t let the guy just wander off into the woods by himself. He dons his distinctive brown uniform and tracks the man’s scent to a cave, only to find that it suddenly disappears. He is about to turn back when he recognizes a new scent. He can’t believe his senses and follows it into the cave where he finds… the Hulk! The Hulk looks surprised by Wolverine’s arrival and tenses up. Wolverine realizes that this must be his luck y day, “I’m gonna have to fight the Hulk!” 