First Story:   Alex Summers arrives in Egypt at last. He no sooner touches the pavement, though, than some terrorists riding jeeps crash through the airport gates. Alex’s hopes that airport security can handle them are in vain, as the officers get cut down by gunfire. A young girl is frozen in terror in front of the on-coming jeeps and Alex realizes he has no choice but to go into action. He jumps and knocks both the girl and her older woman relative out of the way.  One of the men say it is a good thing they missed, because Alex is supposed to be taken alive. His ally replies that dead is probably just as good “mate.” Alex realizes this man is Australian and thus these men are the mercs working for the Trackers. The X-Man lures them away from the crowd and toward a hangar a little way off. He lets them get close and then cuts loose with a massive plasma beam that knocks over their jeeps and tears up the tarmac. The mercs drive off and he vows to find Leila.  Later, Alex arrives at Cairo Pyramid Confectioners and walks in. He sheds his trench coat and pulls down his cowl, at last fully garbed as Havok. He thinks about how it was only yesterday that he tore up that bar and got this lead. Havok reviews the events thus far, from encountering Leila, to how they got close, and how the Trackers kidnapped her.  The X-Man won’t let himself admit that he has fallen for Leila and goes on to think about the message he left for his fellow X-Men about where he was going. Suddenly, from a dark corner, a Tracker appears and yells for Havok to freeze. The X-Man says he can’t get over their resemblance to the Living Pharaoh. The Tracker is angry with Havok for using the master’s name in vain and activates a trap door that throws the X-Man deep into the enemy’s lair.  Havok doesn’t get any time to catch his breath, as another Tracker fires his wrist blaster almost immediately upon the X-Man’s landing. He leaps out the way as part of the stone floor explodes behind him. The Tracker is upon him as he tries to get to his feet, demanding Havok stay on his knees. All Havok can think about is how fantastically strong these guys are. He generates a low level plasma beam that loosens the Tracker’s grip and backhands the man, but his jaw is as hard as steel! Realizing the Tracker is wearing armor, Havok quits holding back and blasts him straight through a wall.  He walks through the hole into a main chamber full of armored Trackers and robed cultists. On top of the dais at the head of the room is a high priest, who has Leila at knifepoint. The priest addresses him and says he has been relentless in his pursuit of their traitor. Then he says that Havok will need to duel the Trackers or Leila’s blood will be spilled. Four of the armored men walk forward and level their weapons at the X-Man. 