As her demons lay waste to the Miami beachside, the Goblin Queen Madelyne Pryor leans against her Bamf Dragon, slurps a cocktail and muses that she was never much of a beach girl. She never understood the appeal of lounging sweaty in the sand, when there are so many more appealing ways to spend your limited free time. But when the universe inexplicably cracks open twelve hell gateways all in the same area code… this Goblin Queen is on the first plane to demon town. Now she’s gotta say… South Beach is winning her over.… The C. R. Bunn Library of the Occult, in Miami:Beast has made his way here. As he gathers some books and items, he blames himself for the current demonic infestation. He became aware of the hell rift weeks ago but, instead of worrying about the how and why or trying to seal it, he hunkered down and ran experiments. Science blinders strapped on. It never occurred to him there might be more or what the repercussion could be. Is he really so reckless? he wonders, only to answer in the affirmative. A beast indeed. But he has not come to indulge in self-loathing, he chides himself. He is the closest thing they have to a sorcerer, and that is little better than nothing! He can’t even guess what most of those items are meant to do. There’s a 90-foot kaiju demon stomping through the ashes and science won’t cut it this time. He takes the globe. He hopes he is a quick study. The other X-Men, including Cyclops, have gathered some distance away from the giant demon. Angel criticizes that they aren’t fighting it. Scott tells him that this is the smart play. Hank will come up with something. Angel asks if they have any idea what the demon lady’s deal is. Apart from being hot, despite the horns. Iceman announces the internet is amazingly unhelpful. The only time he ran into site this convoluted is when he tried to check out adult Scott’s old future son. He’s pretty sure she calls herself the Goblin Queen and prefers provocative hemlines. Oya wonders what she wants. Cyclops considers that irrelevant. They know she is trying to turn Miami into ashes. Hank finally joins them and agrees. The Goblin Queen is an agent of chaos. She probably just wants to put her demon puppets on strings and watch the world burn. He has gathered all the magic they need to extinguish the fire and vanquish the creatures back to hell… he thinks. But it may take a fair amount of trial and error to get there. Hank begins to outline his plan. He needs them to keep the demon horde busy until that is done. Laura and Angel immediately agree. Idie and Bobby look at each other in disbelief and Evan asks if this is his big solution. He reminds about the last time he messed with magic. Hank evades his argument, pointing out this is escalating rather quickly. They don’t have any other option. They don’t have this option! Genesis retorts. They fought these things all day yesterday. There is no winning. It’s a lost cause! Idie agrees they won’t beat them. But they don’t have to. All they have to do is fight, and they do, though both Genesis and Cyclops spell out that this is a terrible idea born out of desperation. But they have no choice. Wolverine complains her foes’ wounds heal instantly and their foes are replaced. She wonders if fighting her is this frustrating moments before a giant demon beats her down. In the air, Angel attacks the flying demons with the flames of his cosmic fire wings. Unfortunately, they actually enjoy flames. Luckily, he is saved by Oya who fights them with ice. Her plan works and Iceman joins her. Some distance away, the Goblin Queen considers doing something about that, but she is still enjoying her mojito. She orders her Bamf Dragon to handle it. The dragon teleports to the X-Men and attacks Oya and Iceman. Inside the library, Beast tries to cast a spell to stop the demonic invasion. When the first one doesn’t work, he decides to move to potions, or as he calls it ‘nonsense chemistry.’ He pours some of the fluid out and something seems to explode. On the battlefield, his teammates are about to be overwhelmed, though Oya holds her own bravely, claiming she has been fighting demons worse than that all her life. Even the Goblin Queen is impressed and challenges her to a one on one fight. However, when Idie lashes out, Madelyne has her Bamf Dragon attack her. Why fight fair after all, when you can cheat and win? Inside, Hank tries to reach another magical power and fails again. He realizes he hasn’t got the time to lean what he needs, and his friends are dying in the meantime. He doesn’t know what else to try. It has his blood. It has his shame. He is on his knees and begging. This whole mess is on him and he has to clean it up. If there is anything else he can do, show him. He will do anything! Suddenly, the artifact he is addressing flies toward him and hits him in the stomach. It bonds to him. Hank screams as he transforms into a furry demon version of himself with horns. Outside, the Goblin Queen’s demons have overwhelmed the X-Men. Suddenly, she is hit by a white energy blast, courtesy of Beast wielding magic. Madelyne raises her eyebrow. Isn’t he something. Beast’s spell vanquishes the demon army. The Goblin Queen addresses her Bamf Dragon that this is probably their cue. She tells Hank they’re going to talk really soon. Count on it. Then she and the dragon disappear leaving the X-Men and the closing demon portal. They look at Hank, who is reverting to his human form and assures them he is fine and that it’s over, aware that he is lying on both counts. 