Earth 1610:Below the surface world, the stranded Iceman finds himself fighting a crowd of moloids, who are egged on by their master, the Mole Man, who berates Iceman for infiltrating his underworld kingdom. Inspired by his future self, Iceman tries something new, namely create some ice-hulks which attack the Moloids as well. Seeing a light, he iceslides toward it while the Mole Man shouts he will reveal their existence to the surface monsters. Iceman emerges in the streets in broad daylight from a sewer. The people panic, shouting ‘mutants.’ Iceman protests they have a Mole Man problem, then complains about the heat. As he cannot maintain his iceform due to the heat, the ground rumbles and a monster bursts through. He did honestly not see that coming, Bobby admits. In the snowy wilderness of Canada, X-23 has made it to the former Weapon X complex. She sniffs and unsheathes her claws. There she is, a voice calls out. Home sweet home, the Angel remarks as he lands. Is that a weird thing to say considering where they live? He is glad to see her. He opens his arms and asks if she understands what happened to them. What was he just about to do? Laura asks sharply. Hug her? he asks. Laura reminds him she doesn’t do that. She too wonders what is happening to them. He tells her that he ended up in a prehistoric jungle at the South Pole. The Savage Land, Laura explains unimpressed. He realizes he has to do more reading. Laura summarizes that she thinks that mutant girl did something and scattered them. She doesn’t like that. They have to find the others. Something is wrong. Yeah, there’s a bunch of dinosaurs in the middle of Antarctica, Warren points out. She means this is wrong, Laura insists. The hidden entrance to the Xavier school is frozen shut. And it looks like it has been for a very long time. And that’s the way it’s going to stay! newcomer Jimmy Hudson announces. Ready to attack, he orders them away from the door. Him again? Warren sighs. Laura asks if he knows him. He’s not much of a hugger either, Warren replies. Laura and Jimmy get in each other’s face, causing Warren to ask if they are related. Laura notes he didn’t attack yet. They are in and need answers. What kind of trouble? Jimmy demands. She asks him to show them what’s behind that door. Are they mutants? he asks. Then they do not want to be there. Nevertheless, they enter. Jimmy explains that this is the nightmare where man invented mutant. Laura corrects him. Mutants just happened. Nope, man did it. After a lot of sick torture and experimentation. His name is James Hudson. His father was Wolverine… trust him. He knows. Latveria:Beast awakes with Jean’s name on his lips. He finds himself at a long dinner table opposite Dr. Doom, who admits he is terribly fascinated. He has to conjecture as to who he is and how he finds himself in Doom’s dimension but he was hoping he’d fill him in on his adventures until now over dinner. He hopes he likes sea bass. He is Victor van Damme. Right, Beast mumbles and tries to escape over the roof a moment later, only to be captured and returned by various Doombots. As he was saying, Doom continues undeterred, tell him about the Earth he comes from. He is very interested. He could not be more interested… Brooklyn Visions Academy:Miles Morales’ roommate and best friend Ganke is despairing over calculus homework when Miles returns. Are they alone? Miles demands. It’s their dorm room, Ganke reminds him. He thinks he has Lorde under the bed? He understands about Spider-Man but Miles mustn’t let his grades slip. Miles tells him to brace himself. Ganke calms down and a moment later Jean appear as if out of thin air. Miles introduces Jean and warns Ganke she can read minds. Uh-oh, Ganke mutters. Miles agrees; he thought that too. But clearly she has heard and seen it all. Ganke asks how he sneaked her in here. She can psychically make it so no one sees her, he is told. Miles explains they need to borrow Ganke’s mom’s car. Jean needs to get up to Westchester. The X-Men’s old school is there. There’s something she needs. Ganke protests. Miles points out his mom hasn’t driven that car in two years. She won’t even know it’s gone. Jean tells them to work it out. She needs a shower. His towel and stuff is in there, Miles tells her. He can’t come with her, Jean informs Ganke. He shouts that he thought that for like a second. As he sputters, she tells him she was joking. So he can come with her? he asks hopefully. Jean rolls her eyes and thanks him for the car. Miles turns on the computer to email someone he thinks can help them. Soon, Jean and Miles are on their way. Miles is weirded out by Jean steering the car with her telekinesis. He asks if she is okay. She tells him about being lost in time and now apparently in space, with no idea where her friends are. She blames herself for everything and he asks why. She explains it was her decision to engage that new mutant. She admits she knows her future is messed up. She’s been given a second chance and she’s messing it up! Are they there? Miles asks. They enter the school which is empty. She explains she is hoping they have a Cerebro in the basement. With it, she can find the others. Someone tells them they are trespassing. They turn around to face this universe’s X-Men. 