Dr. Doom stands triumphant, at his feet the unconscious X-Men of two worlds. Foolish children, he calls them. He picks up Spider-Man and unmasks him. He wonders what Norman Osborn knew about the advancement of genetics that he does not. He decides he is going to dissect Miles. Marvel Girl awakes and sees Miles in Doom’s hands. She psychically lashes out and the two try to blast each other. He admits she is the strongest psychic he has come across but he is sorcerer and scientist supreme. She cannot win against him. She wasn’t trying to win, Jean retorts, just distract him while she psychically wakes up her friends. Which she did. The Icemen, Jean and Storm attack Doom at once. Kitty plans to phase through him to mess up his armor. Before she can do that, he is surrounded by a blinding light and then is gone. Older Jean cannot sense him anywhere. Beast suggests they leave him with a present. While the others tear at the Doombots, Hank has X-23 defend his back while he hacks into Doom’s systems. He orders everyone out of the castle and they wait until finally the castle blows up. Brainwash me, you son of a bitch, Beast grumbles. Can they go home now? Iceman asks. Elsewhere, Carmen looks at another dimension gate she accidentally opened, in this case Old Man Logan fighting the Thing. Please stop, she pleads. The gate changes and again she has opened the gate to Asgardia. Volstagg tells her Midgardians should mind their place. This is completely inappropriate. She screams and the gate’s energy is absorbed into her. “Take a deep breath,” Angel tells her and asks her not to panic. The X-Men have arrived. They explain to her what happened. Jean again offers to help her psychically. Carmen is calmer now. Young Jean is going to keep Carmen calm and older Jean is going to guide her to help her find the right Earth. They stress that they won’t control or hurt Carmen, just help her. Carmen agrees. The others get ready in case any threats will get though the portals to push them back in. They begin and Carmen opens a portal to the House of M reality where the rebels are fighting Magneto’s forces. The others are confused but Carmen closes it and tries again. Another reality where Wolverine, Scarlet Witch and Spider-Man are the Horsemen of Apocalypse. Firestar incinerates the attacking Wolverine, giving the other Horsemen pause. Iceman shouts at Carmen to close the doorway and she does. The others are horrified by what they’ve seen. Beast suggests Jean reach in deeper to find which synapses fired in Carmen’s brain when she sent them here. They encourage Carmen and get ready to try again. Another doorway opens over a Manhattan sky and they see Iron Man and the female Thor flying by. Young Jean telepathically reads Iron Man‘s mind. He is the right one, but she is disgusted by what she sees. Older Jean adds that, no matter what world you’re from, never read a Tony Stark’s mind. The groups of X-Men say their goodbyes, some more enthusiastically than others. Jean gives Spider-Man a kiss on the cheek and tells him he’s the best. They enter the portal and it disappears. Just because the other Jean kissed him doesn’t mean she will, the older Jean warns Miles. This mindreading thing’s really not fair, he sighs. He asks for a ride home. He is not so annoying as the other Iceman, right? Iceman asks. Yes! the others shout. Earth 616:The X-Men take Carmen home, where she is hugged by her relieved mother. Carmen explains she is a mutant. While they discuss the situation. Beast thinks at Jean not to read his mind. She wasn’t trying to. She knows he had a particularly bad day… No, he had an illuminating day, he corrects her. He saw yet another version of them. A world where the mutant condition is worse. Where real evil is everywhere. He’s sick of it. They need to change the world and need to do it now! What does that mean, she asks but he doesn’t reply. 