The transformed adult Beast stares at the cosmos with his new insights. On Earth, settlers have come upon tribes of native people, he explains to the other two transformed beings, Gamora and the young Angel, all floating in space. Tribes that do not know of the advances of the modern world. They would barely know how to make fire. And what do they do when they are faced with the modern world? They see sorcery. They see demons and attack. This is what’s happening now. The others can’t see what they see or feel what they feel. Change terrifies the weak. They have to show them this is for their own good. They have to show them what they see. The have to show the others they are primitive cave people and they are the next step toward their happiness and enlightenment. They have the Black Vortex, Gamora muses. They can make all this happen. Angel tells the two of them to do that. He’ll get the others to the Vortex. They’ll do it together, Beast replies. Angel tells Beast he is about to unlock another level of cosmic consciousness. Do that. Gamora will find Thanos and rip him in two. Give him the Vortex and send him on that quest. He can do it. Every moment of this life unveils new universal truths, Beast muses, and it’s beautiful. Warren tells him he is happy for him. Look at him, Beast replies. A true warrior angel. Centered, powerful. He was beautiful before, but now… Oh, you! Warren jokes. Holding the Vortex, Gamora reminds them of business. What do they want? What’s their goal? The only thing worth having, Beast decides. Peace in this universe. They figure they can do it. But how far will they need to go? Angel asks. What does Angel mean? Gamora asks. If their goal is good, how hard is it to sell universal peace? Angel agrees. Beast warns the others won’t see it. Jean Grey will see it, Angel believes. Young Jean is afraid of fulfilling her destiny to become the Phoenix. Beast points out. She’ll be the last one to see it. Then what are they prepared to do? Gamora asks. They’ll prove themselves, Beast replies. Let’s do it. Change the universe. Show them by example. That moment, Gamora is hit from behind by a blast from a spaceship. The others are shot as well. When Gamora reaches for her sword, someone steps on her hand, and a moment later Ronan the Accuser hits her with his hammer. Angel tries to help Gamora but is too late. The Kree flee with the Vortex. Grimly, Gamora announces she knows where they will take it and they start the chase. The moon of Spartax:A shocked Storm looks at the devastation caused by Mr. Knife’s attack ship. Moments later, Jean’s telepathic call reaches her. She, Kitty, Star-Lord and Rocket are okay as Kitty phased them all through the attack, however she can’t sense anybody else’s thoughts. Rocket swears and curses, convinced they are dead. Suddenly, there is an energy signature and they fear another attack. However, luckily, it is Magik who had teleported the others to safety, though X-23 took the brunt of the attack and is hurt. Jean shushes everyone, sensing their foes are back. Storm orders Magik to take them away. To where? Illyana asks. She can only take them around this broken moon. She can buy them some time, she announces and begins to glow. She’s been training with Dr. Strange. She casts the Cryptorrik spell of Invisibility and the Slaughter Lords pass them by, not seeing them. Hala, homeworld of the Kree:Angel, Beast and Gamora have arrived and attack. Gamora announces to the Supreme Intelligence that they are the new cosmic protectors of the galaxy. The Kree will give back what they have stolen or the Kree Empire will fall! The heroes are in space and discuss what to do: call the Avengers? Fight their friends? They need a plan, Kitty decides. Who do they know out here who can help them? Captain Marvel wonders. As if on cue, they are hailed by another ship that heard their calls for help and they are stunned to see young Cyclops. 