On the astral plane, Jean Grey is beset by young Xavier and the telepaths he controls. In the real world, she contacts X-23, who is nearby, running toward them. Jean informs her of the situation with the Brotherhood. She is blocking Laura’s thoughts from Xavier, but is only able to do so because he is controlling so many minds at once. In the meantime, the others are attacked by the Brotherhood. Shooting a laser at Emma, Deadpool asks if she will marry him. Jean asks Laura not to hold back and Laura stabs Xavier in the gut. Nice, Jean smirks. Those who were controlled or tortured by Xavier snap out of it. X-23 attacks Deadpool next. Is she okay? Phoebe asks Celeste who replies she is really not. That bald-headed prick used their hive-mind against them. “Let’s go turn him inside out!” She thinks Jean Grey has it, Phoebe informs her. Celeste swears. Why does Jean get all the fun? Jean uses her new power set to keep Xavier at bay and thanks Laura. When Xavier is on the ground, Laura states she hopes no one has a problem with her ending this. He’s going to have a bit of a problem with this! Raze shouts as he attacks her and rips into her. He turns into young Cyclops and X-23 realizes he was the one who ambushed her outside. Raze mocks he’d ask her out but they might be related or something. She might be his great-aunt! Jean can’t get a shot at him. Cyclops tells her Laura has it and to focus on Xavier. You Greys! Xavier hisses and attacks Jean, Scott and Emma while Raze gains the upper hand as well. With Xavier focused elsewhere, the Brotherhood seems to awake as if from a trance. Old Beast explains they have all been manipulated by young Xavier. Having lost control of the situation as Kitty and the other X-Men arrive, Xavier takes over their minds and orders them all to kill each other. While the X-Men fight one another, Xavier orders the Brotherhood to kill them. Molly pleads with him not to do this. Beast tries to get him to see reason. Bathe in their blood, Xavier orders. Holding X-23 in a choke hold, Raze leers she’s going to want to watch this. Deadpool fires his gun… at Xavier. Jean telekinetically stops the bullets. The battle is over. Iceman suggests to Xavier that this is the part where he bursts into tears and begs their forgiveness. X-23 throws Raze into a wall. Xavier cannot understand why they are suddenly immune to his influence. Guess, Celeste mocks. Jean and the Cuckoos address him on the astral plane, ironically thanking him for reminding them what being a telepath who abuses his power would be like. Utterly furious, he lashes out. But since they are prepared, he is no match for Jean’s new power and the Cuckoos’ mindlink. Suddenly, though, he is gone both from the astral plane and reality. Old Beast explains he is blocking himself from them. He is hurt and trying to run. Is he okay? his younger self asks. Find him and kill him, old Beast pleads. Molly promises she is going to kill him. She promises she would never hurt the X-Men. Magik announce she can find Xavier. Cyclops suggests they look for a blood trail, but keep their distance. What about stabby girl and her new playmate? Iceman asks. X-23 is going ballistic as she shouts at Raze not to touch her. Cyclops orders her back then fires his optic blast at Raze and Iceman freezes his arms to the wall. Jean informs them that Raze is the only one not controlled by Xavier. Raze mutters they’ll just come back. Molly wants to kill him. Old Hank holds her back, reminding her they need to be not them. Young Hank would like to run some tests. Emma turns to Xorn, who is standing still and asks if she would like to help them find her master. She’s been awfully quiet behind her Xorn mask. She can’t believe the great Jean Grey let Baby Xavier overtake— Xorn takes off the mask and there is nothing behind it. The costume collapses into a heap. Baby Xavier made himself a Xorn puppet to play with, Emma comments. Jean wonders what that means. The last time the Brotherhood attacked, Xorn was an older her. And she died. Maybe it means Jean has half a chance of not turning into a beautiful nightmare that dies horribly, Emma suggests. Maybe Jean gets to die of old age… maybe she does eat the planet as the Phoenix… any of those… She found Xavier! Magik manifesting Darkchilde traits announces. She teleports them outside, where a bleeding Xavier lies next to the Ice-Hulk. Is he dead? Kitty asks. Mindee tells her he isn’t. Celeste suggests returning in an hour to see if he is dead then. Scott refuses. Emma suggests a vote. Today their lesson is to be better than their enemies, Scott announces. Deadpool recalls he doesn’t go to school here. Jean points out Xavier came here to kill Scott. Yeah, Scott replies and remembers killing Charles Xavier. Later, the freed Brotherhood members stand on a time platform and apologize again. Emma assures them they did nothing wrong. Are they sure? Angel whispers to Jean, who assures him they are. They got it worse than the rest of them. Xavier may have been puppeteering them for years! Bobby asks them to get the Ice-Hulk out. He’s freaking him out. Hank announces the time cube is ready to send them back to the future. In theory, his older self adds. Young Hank asks if he can help him to get the original X-Men back to their own time. Old Hank replies that he spent his life trying to fix that mistake. Maybe this interaction will jar something in young Hank or in space and time that wasn’t there before and they will find their way home. But there are things like what happened before that they are going to blame him for. A lot of things… and sometimes they are going to be right. Promise him, however long it takes, fix their mess. They’re out, bitches! Deadpool announces as the Brotherhood fades away. Time travel gives him a headache, Bobby sighs. Angel then asks what they are going to do with Raze and Xavier. Already taken care of, Jean replies. SHIELD commander Maria Hill is invited to the Cage and is informed the X-Men dropped off two prisoners with clear instructions. They said these are hardened mutant criminals from the future and not to take off the power-dampening collar and not to stop medicating them… no matter what. Hill is startled when she sees the first prisoner’s resemblance to Charles Xavier. She demands Agent Daisy Johnson investigate this. When the director asks what he should do, Hill tells him if the crazy-powered X-Men say not to take off the power-dampening collar, don’t take off the power-dampening collar! Barely conscious, Xavier mumbles, asking if he can have a piece of paper. He needs to write a note. Madripoor, years from now:Xavier is still musing. Let’s go back in time, Raze suddenly suggests. He points at Beast. Time travel guy here, he’s already messed up the entire mutant timeline. Let’s go back in time and kick their asses before they master magic and tech and all that. Let’s pull a McCoy, go back and beat them. How far back? Xavier inquires interested. Suddenly there’s a knock on the door. Raze expects the X-Men. Xavier informs him it’s a messenger. The note is from Xavier and informs them they went back in time and where defeated but there’s instructions on how to try again. Xavier smiles darkly… Present day:The New Xavier School:Angel thanks Laura. If she hadn’t come back this whole thing would have gone differently. He asks if she wants to go out. There is something called a Bob Evans 50 miles from here. Him and her? she asks. And Bob Evans, Warren replies. He’s sure he’s a pleasant fellow. They fly? Laura asks. Well, he does most of the flying. Superman-reference high five! Laura ignores the hand. She won’t have him carry her. Undeterred, Angel gets a motorcycle. Laura smiles and hops on. As they leave Cyclops wonders aloud if that is his motorcycle. 