Earth 1610:A prehistoric jungle:The hell is he supposed to be? a blond, savage-looking young man with Wolverine-like claws asks of Angel, who suggests he put the claws back into the Wolverine costume he found them in. What did he say? the boy snarls and demands his name. As he advances menacingly, Angel replies that one of them is having a psychotic break here and he’s just going to say it’s himself. The boy demands his name. Angel decides to fly away, but Jimmy Hudson has his scent… Beast finds himself underwater. Heading for the light, he swims upward and drags himself ashore at a lovely stretch of beach, surprising a couple of lovers. From the landscape and the language, he figures he’s ended up in Turkey. X-23 lands in the middle of a football field during a match. When a player is about to run into her, she topples him with a judo move. Not surprisingly, that doesn’t make her very popular with the crowd. When she unsheathes her claws, the crowd and players realize she’s a mutant and curse and flee. Somewhere underground, Iceman tells a strange audience that a second ago he was with his team of time-displaced X-Men and they were meeting this new mutant and then he is here. He doesn’t know if they ever had anything like that happen to them. Do they speak English? Is this Earth? He is inside the Earth, the Mole Man snarls in response. He is in his kingdom. Can he borrow his phone? Iceman asks. The Mole Man orders his Moloids to grab him. The Moloids swarm Iceman. On a New York rooftop, Jean Grey has come face to face with the new Spider-Man, Miles Morales. This is weird, she admits. Which part? he asks. One second ago she was— she hopes she hasn’t unlocked another new part of her powers. She can’t handle discovering any part of her she didn’t know she had. He tells her he is Spider-Man and noticed the ruckus she caused on the street. Jean admits she doesn’t know what’s going on. Does he have a new costume? No. Who is she? Jean introduces herself. They’ve met, he recalls, surprising Jean. Galactus, he reminds her. She doesn’t get it. Giant purple thing that ate New Jersey. She came with Kitty Pryde and the other X-Men. When was this? she asks even more confused. There is no way you forget a big purple guy who tries to eat the world! he bursts out. Jean announces she has to do something he won’t like but she really has to. She warns him she will read his thoughts, making him very nervous. And with that she reads the mind of Miles Morales, learning all about his life and realizing she is on the wrong Earth. She’s from the other Earth where Peter Parker is still alive! he bursts out. Who’s Peter Parker? Jean asks. Realizing his faux pas, Miles mutters “nobody.” Jean explains the girl sent her to another dimension. Now she is in the wrong time and space. She is not having a great year. Can she get back? Miles asks. Jean realizes he’s been to her Earth. He replies he knows how to get her back. He grabs her around the waist. Jean protests she can fly herself. Miles apologizes. He swings ahead and she follows while he angsts that she knows his real name. In the meantime, X-23 has liberated a motor bike and is chased by a huge squad of police cars. A cop is about to fire at her and Laura jumps off the bridge to ricochet from a school bus and finally lands atop a truck. Elsewhere, Hank has reached a small quaint looking European town. He’s realized that what little Turkish he knows doesn’t help much. Some people identify him as an American and take snapshots. One man says he looks like a superhero. Heroes don’t come to here. He gathered that much, Hank replies. You die here, the young man continues. You come here, you doom. Henry decides they are having a bit of a language problem. Doom, the man repeats. The people walk away quickly when several Doombots show up and surround Hank, who belatedly realizes this is Latveria. In the meantime, Miles has led Jean to a building in Manhattan, warning her that the scientists and SHIELD agents are going to freak out about her. However, there is nobody there and certainly not the rift he told her about. Maybe they moved it, Miles suggests helplessly. Amadeus Cho joins them and announces darkly that the tear closed. Just like that. And his work is incomplete and the government closed the checkbook. Spider-Man tells Amadeus Jean needs to go home. So go home, he replies disinterested. She is from the other Earth. Can he help her? Cho replies unless they know of another rip in spacetime that opens up to precisely the same reality, it’s going to take decades to get her out. She should accept she is stuck here. 