The past Marvel Girl is seemingly taken over by the Dark Phoenix, as she confronts Mystique, accusing her of being responsible for the Dark Phoenix’s return. Wolverine leaps towards Jean, ready to take her out, when the Phoenix raptor vanishes, and Jean appears normal. Jean explains that she was psychically projecting those images into the heads of their enemies, and didn’t mean for the rest of the X-Men to see it. Kitty and Wolverine are upset. Wolverine and Kitty as well as the four X-Men from the past continue to battle Mystique, Sabretooth, Madame Hydra, Silver Samurai and the Hydra soldiers, until Professor X apparently appears, ordering the young X-Men to return to the past with him. While everyone is confused, Mystique shoots Wolverine, before Marvel Girl realizes that Lady Mastermind just created an illusion of the Professor, and attacks Lady Mastermind, pulling from her memory an unpleasant time. Madame Hydra is about to shoot Jean, when Kitty disrupts her weapon once more, while Wolverine recovers, and confronts Mystique about using these children in her quest to buy Madripoor. Mystique and Wolverine argue for a brief time, before Jean makes her fall asleep. Cyclops, Beast and Iceman battle the Silver Samurai and Sabretooth, until everyone is taken out. The Beast asks how they inform the authorities about this, when the Avengers appear. However Wolverine knows that something is wrong - Lady Mastermind has escaped and has created the Unity Avengers as an illusion. Kitty finds Lady Mastermind in the Hydra aircraft and takes her out before she can escape. Jean continues to apologize about the Phoenix incident, before the Unity Avengers appear once more. Wolverine decides that it is really them, but Iceman throws a snowball at Thor just to make sure. Cap decides that these young X-Men are an impressive team, while Havok continues to bond with the young Cyclops, however Sabretooth and the Silver Samurai have escaped. Mystique is taken to the extra-max prison called the Cage. Maria Hill goes to read her her rights, but Mystique, disguised as Maria Hill, escapes in the SHIELD Director’s chopper. And, Marvel Girl sits on the basketball court at the Jean Grey School in the middle of the night, thinking about the Phoenix. 