In the Chinatown section of San Francisco, a group of detectives answer questions from the media. They inform the crowd that they want to be perfectly clear. They do not have a drug war on their hands. One of the reporters asks doesn’t this make at least a dozen public executions of known Chinatown drug dealers in just the last three weeks. The detective replies that he cannot confirm those numbers. Another reporter asks if this somehow involves the reputed kingpin of the Chinatown underworld, the figure known only as the Black Dragon. The detective answers no comment. Another reporter asks if it is true that Kung Fu related deaths are already up 200% over last year. The detective answers no more questions.  Over near the crime scene, another detective asks a fellow police officer what they have. The cop tells him another dead drug dealer. The detective laments great, like he doesn’t already have enough of those. The cop says this one’s a little bit different. Upon seeing the victim with an odd looking blade sticking out of his chest, the detective asks what the hell that is. After the cop replies “you tell me,” an old Chinese man from the crowd says something in Chinese. Turning around, the detective asks what he said.  When the Chinese man repeats himself, in Chinese, the cop asks if anybody knows what the hell this guy is saying. A young boy speaks up and says “dragon tooth.” He said it’s a dragon tooth. The detective says dragon tooth. Right, kid. The cop adds and he’s a talking gorilla. As the young boy storms off in anger, he walks by a gorilla in a trench coat and hat standing in the crowd.  Inside the apartment of Melita Garner, Melita asks Logan if the rumors are true. He’s really leaving San Francisco? Logan tells her yep. Truth is, he already left. He just came back for his things. Crossing her arms, Melita says she sees. So that’s the only reason he came back then? Logan tells her no, not the only. He also came to say goodbye. Melita asks that he’s not even gonna ask her to come with him? When Logan asks her if she wants to come with him, Melita answers that, honestly, she doesn’t know where she wants to go. All the writing she did during the war against the serpent, it got her noticed. She’s got job offers coming in from all over. Logan says she has to go where she has to go. He understands. But so does he.  Melita asks why Westchester. That’s where the old Xavier school was, right? What’s there now? Logan tells her nothing. Not yet, at least. That’s another reason he came back. He’s gonna build a school. He’s gonna build it and run it. Melita asks seriously? Logan tells her that he’s not gonna lose any more kids. Putting her arms around Logan, she asks him how he’s gonna pay to build a school. Logan tells her he has money. Melita asks you do? Logan asks her why that is surprising. He’s been around a long time. Why wouldn’t he have money? When Melita points out that he lives out of a paper sack, Logan says because he chooses to. Melita asks he’s got enough to build a school? Where did he get that kind of money? Logan tells her never mind that. Melita then tells him that obviously, they’ve both got a lot on their plates right now. And she thinks they just… Maybe they both just need some time to think this all through. You know?  As Logan starts to walk away, he says yeah. Melita proceeds to tell him that doesn’t mean he shouldn’t still kiss her, jackass. As they begin to embrace, Melita asks him if this is all because she doesn’t like Westerns, isn’t it. Logan answers only partly. Melita adds that she never told him, but she doesn’t care much for war stories either. Logan tells her not to make this any harder than it has to be.  Just then, Melita says “um…” Without turning around, Logan asks there’s a kid watching them from the window, isn’t there? The young boy sees Logan and calls him Black Dragon. He was beginning to think he was dead. Logan tells him that he’s been busy. Looking at Melita, the kid says so he sees. Not bad. Looking down at the boy, Melita asks who this adorable little child is. The kid introduces himself as Yuen Yee, at her service. Does she wanna buy a watch, diamond earrings, slightly used switchblades?  Logan tells Melita that Yee is a friend from Chinatown. Yee says all right, let’s go, Black Dragon. He’s ignored his responsibilities for long enough. Turning to Logan, Melita asks him why Yee keeps calling him Black Dragon. Logan answers yeah, that. Did he forget to mention that he’s secretly the kingpin of the Chinatown underworld? Melita tells him yeah, she thinks he did. Logan says he’ll explain later. Melita asks if she’ll see him… Logan tells her to just wait for… Melita states that she doesn’t know where she’ll… Yee interjects and tells Logan to just kiss her already and come on! After kissing Melita, Logan follows Yee out onto the streets. Yee remarks that she’s a feisty broad. He likes her. Seems like a keeper. Logan says “yeah.”  Eventually, Yee and Logan enter the establishment known as the “Drunken Mantis.” Inside, the restaurant is in shambles. Sitting at a table, an old Chinese man sees the esteemed Black Dragon and remarks at last he deign to grace them with his presence. He is officially the worst Black Dragon ever. And need he remind him, the last few were butchers and psychopaths.  Bowing, Logan apologizes to the old Chinese man, Master Po, and tells him that he has neglected his responsibilities. Po agrees he has. He, Logan, was given the role as Black Dragon in order to keep peace between the rival tongs, to keep their streets safe. Yet they are not safe and he has been nowhere to be found. First there was that mess with the Collective Man that his friends the X-Men had to handle for him, and now this whole fiasco. And when was he planning on telling him that he was leaving San Francisco? Logan asks what? How did he know? Po replies that he didn’t. Not until he came in just now, and he read it on his face. Logan says he’s sorry. He’s failed him as Black Dragon and humbly resigns his post. Po tells him oh no, he’s not getting off that easy. First he’s going to clean up the mess he made.  Surveying the damage around him, Logan asks Po what happened there. Po tells him it was a drug war, though it wasn’t really much of a war. The local tongs are scattered, mostly dead now. There’s a new player on the scene. Nobody knows who they are or where they come from. Though he does have a few ideas. Logan says no, he means, what happened there? Po tells him that men in masks came looking for him. They killed the bartender with the tooth of a dragon. The Sons of the Tiger tried to stop them. They’re all in the hospital now with four broken legs and five broken arms between the three of them. He then tells Logan that he knows what he’s looking for. And he can already tell him it’s not there.  Looking at the broken, empty safe, Logan angrily states that there was money in that safe. A lotta money. His money. He was on his way to pick it up. Yee asks he’s got money? Where’d he get money? Logan tells Po he needs his money back. Po replies and they need their streets back. Logan says okay, so show him who to stab.  Inside a warehouse, an armed guard hears a knock at the door. When he tells whoever it is to go away, the person on the other side of the door tells him he has a delivery from Hunan Garden. The guard tells him that he’s got the wrong address and to get lost. The delivery person says c’mon. He’s got three orders of stuffed mushrooms and one fried calamari there. Somebody’s gotta pay for this stuff. When the guard puts his face closer to the peep-hole, he angrily tells the delivery person that he told him they didn’t order any…  Just then, Logan jams his claws through the door and into the guard’s eyes, killing him. Once inside, Logan tears through the guards inside. As he does, Po begins to eat the Chinese food. He proceeds to mention to Yee that he trained Logan in the finer points of eighteen different styles of Kung Fu, and yet he still just charges headlong into a hail of bullets. Yee remarks that it seems to be working all right for him.  Once all of the guards have been disposed of, Po opens up one of the crates and finds it full of heroin. The whole warehouse is full of it. He, Logan, was right. Yee tells Logan that he’s got a heckuva nose there. Looking around at all of the crates inside the warehouse, Logan asks how they are moving in this much product. Po asks how indeed. Turning his attention to one of the slain guards, Logan asks Po if he has any idea who these guys are. Po answers that they wear the mark of the Claw. Logan says Claw? As in…?  Stopping his thought mid-sentence, Logan sniffs the air and says hold it. He knows that scent. Just then, a giant gorilla leaps down and tells them Claw, as in Jade Claw. As for how they’re moving it in, well, he was just about to find out. Until you bozos showed up. Logan asks “What’re you doing here, monkey boy?” Coming face to face with Logan, the giant gorilla introduces himself as Gorilla-Man. After Logan says same difference, Gorilla-Man interjects that he’s been following this crew for three days now. And they were just about to lead him to their source, before he came in and stabbed them all.  Gritting his teeth, Logan asks why exactly he should trust him. How does he know him and his (Agents of) Atlas friends aren’t in cahoots with these fellas? Gorilla-Man asks cahoots? Who says cahoots? Being around him actually makes even him look young and hip. Logan tells him he’s gonna make him look like a shaved ape if he doesn’t get the hell outta his face. As Logan and Gorilla-Man continue their banter back and forth, Yee asks Po that they’re about to start fighting, aren’t they. When Po tells him that it would seem inevitable, Yee asks him who he thinks will win. Po asks does it matter. Either way, they all lose.  Just then, Logan and Gorilla-Man begin to tussle. While they do, Yee asks Po if they should do something. Po asks does he mean like actually focus on the task at hand instead of fighting each other like morons. Why yes, they should.  Activating a switch on a nearby statue, Po calls Logan and Gorilla-Man morons and tells them that whey they decide to start being helpful, they’ll be over there. Ceasing their fight, Gorilla-Man tells Logan “to be continued, runt.” Logan says sure thing, Planet of the Apes. It’s his funeral. Po tells them to both shut up and get to walking. He reminds them to mind their heads. Wouldn’t want either of them bumping it and getting a head injury. Lord knows they can’t afford them any dumber than they already are. Gorilla-Man tells Logan that his friends seem nice. Logan quips that at least he has some. Gorilla-Man retorts that he’s got friends. Last he checked, there were almost five of them. Logan says the robot doesn’t count. At the bottom of the winding staircase, Logan and Gorilla-Man take out the two guards. Gorilla-Man says to Logan, “Stabbed him in the back. Classy.” Logan asks Gorilla-Man did he not just see him eat that guy’s ear. Po tells them both to be quiet. Somebody’s coming. Kneeling behind a nearby pile of rocks, Yee adds that the tunnels are enormous. He can’t believe a bunch of drug dealers did all this. Po replies they didn’t. They did.  Just then, the heroes see a gigantic sled of crates being pulled by two massive red dragons with guards flanking them on all sides. Po quietly tells Logan and Gorilla-Man that these are ancient tunnels, burrowed by dragons for thousands of years. What these people are doing to those beasts is a crime against nature. When Logan asks where these tunnels lead, Po tells him all the way back to the motherland. Gorilla-Man asks does he mean… this is literally a tunnel to China. That’s insane, and this is coming from a talking gorilla.  Just then, one of the dragons looks over at the heroes. Standing up, Logan remarks that they’ve been spotted and tells Yee to get outta there. If they ain’t back in two days, call the Avengers. Yee asks can they call ‘em now? Turning around, Gorilla-Man says to Logan let him guess – more friends of his. Logan replies not exactly. Flanked by Razorfist, Darkstrider, and Rock of Buddha, Soulstriker says “Hello Black Dragon.” They’ve been looking all over for him. Thanks for saving them the trouble of tracking him down. If they’d had to kill him on the street, they no doubt would’ve been rushed. But down there, they can take all the time they like. Flanked on both sides by foes, Gorilla-Man and Logan stand back to back. Gorilla-Man proceeds to ask if it’s too late for him to back outta this team-up. 