(1st story)  As Logan is viciously beaten by Sabretooth, he thinks to himself that it’s already getting hard to remember a time before this, when he knew something other than pain. Sometimes he thinks maybe that other life was just a dream. That he’s always been right there. That he’s never known anything other than this. But then he remembers the things he misses. Canadian sunsets. The smell of rain on the wind. The crack of pads in the fall. Melita’s touch. Cold beer.  He clings to those memories. He focuses on what he’s gonna do when he gets out of here. The people he’s gonna kill. The ones who sent him there. Mystique and whoever the hell those others were. He thinks about cutting into them. Again and again. Hacking them up until they’re dead. Dead and gone. Looking up at Creed, Logan tells him that it looks like he finally found his place in life. The Devil’s errand boy fits him to a T. He guesses him cutting his head off was the best thing that ever happened to him, huh?  When Creed growls at Logan, the Devil appears and tells Creed that Logan is right. He is his errand boy and he loves to serve him, doesn’t he? Looking back at the Devil and then Logan, Creed lets out a guttural growl. The Devil calls his name again and Creed makes his way over to sit at the feet of the devil. Patting his head, the Devil tells Creed good boy and then informs Logan that he’s going to train him to do that. Logan replies not likely.  The Devil then informs Logan that he enjoyed his screams from before. It was truly heartfelt, he could tell. He knows a heartfelt scream when he hears it. He would love to hear more now, if he would be so kind as to indulge him. As a couple of the Devil’s minions grab hold of Logan, the Devil tells him that if it will help set the mood, he could parade out more of his dead loved ones. They’ve quite a few of them down there. Defiantly, Logan tells the Devil he doesn’t frighten him. The Devil responds that he can see thatLogan is either a very stubborn man or very stupid man, he doesn’t know which. He seems confident in his ability to endure whatever form of torture or abuse he might throw at him. But he fails to understand one thing. There are fates down there way worse than anything he’s faced up to this point. Allow him to demonstrate. With that, he orders his minions to fetch their newest friend.  Once the minions return, Logan sees that they have Harada, the Silver Samurai, in tow. The Devil informs Logan that the Silver Samurai has only recently joined them. He’s been getting acquainted with the denizens of the flesh trenches, hasn’t he, maggot? Logan asks Harada what happened. Why is he there? When the Devil tells him to speak worm, Harada says it’s because of Logan. They’re killing everyone because of him. They’re…  Before he can finish his thought, the Devil lops his head off with a giant sword. Picking up the severed head, the Devil tells him sorry and to please continue. Harada’s head says killing… killing everyone… At that moment, the Devil says you don’t say and proceeds to bring down his sword on the rest of Harada’s body, destroying it. The Devil then turns to Logan and tells him that if he thinks it’s bad being there now, try spending eternity like this. Tossing Harada’s head over his shoulder like it is a piece of garbage, the Devil informs Logan that his sword is a Soulcutter. For the wounds it makes, there is no such thing as healing, ever. Pointing it at Logan’s face, he says that he will either break him or he will chop his soul into chunks and scatter them from one corner of Hell to the next. What’s it going to be? When Logan responds by spitting in the Devil’s face, the Devil becomes enraged and chops Logan’s ear off with the sword.  Turning to his minions, the Devil tells them to feed Logan’s ear to something and then nail their friend to the wall. Let him think things over for say, a few thousand years. As the minions carry him away, Logan yells to the Devil that he doesn’t scare him. Whatever he has, he can take. Bring it on! Watching Logan being carried away, the Devil remarks that the little fool has no idea. Harada’s head utters everyone… they’re killing everyone…  On Earth, Daken battles members of the Red Right Hand, while in another location Amiko comforts the severely injured Yukio on top of a train. Outside the San Francisco Post office building a reporter says that at least two men are dead after a group of unknown assailants stormed the building earlier that day. In Japan, the Silver Samurai has died at the gravesite of Mariko Yashida while in another location, John Wraith lies on the ground as his church burns behind him. At the Sons of the Tiger Fighting Academy, agents of the Red Right Hand storm the building. In Mardripoor, Shadow S., Gunhawk, Fire Knives, Saw Fist, and Cannon Foot arrive via plane. In another location, Maverick is hunted down by additional agents of the Red Right Hand. All the while, Hellverine smiles at the deadly proceedings that are occurring.  At Avengers Mansion, Spider-Man answers the phone when Melita Garner calls. He asks her “wait, who’s this again?” Wolverine’s girlfriend? Right. Good one. And he’s Howard the Duck. With that, he hangs up on her. Looking down at the phone, Melita states that the stupid twerp hung up on her. Mystique then informs her that whoever she’s calling can’t help. She told her, she’s going to have to trust her. Melita says she’ll understand if she’s a bit reluctant to do that.  At that moment, Daimon Hellstrom asks if this is where it happened. Mystique informs him and the two Ghost Riders present there was a truck there. They lured Logan into the back. That’s where they stole his soul. When Melita angrily asks her how exactly they lured him there, Mystique says she’s sure she can guess the answer to that. Melita asks she did it, didn’t she. Mystique tells her she’s known her boyfriend a helluva lot longer than she has. Believe her, she has more than enough reasons for hating him. When some very powerful people approached her and offered the chance to get back at him, she took it. Yes. She set Logan up. Yes, she helped send him to Hell. And whatever he’s going through down there, he guarantees her, he deserves every bit of it. But she won’t be a part of this anymore. She can’t. When Melita asks why exactly that is, Mystique hangs her head and says she has her reasons.  Kneeling down on the ground nearby, Hellstrom informs Melita that she’s telling the truth, about this place at least. This was most definitely the site of a spiritual abduction. The place is still dripping with demonic residue. Melita asks him how they do this. How do they rescue Logan? Hellstrom asks does she mean how do they break her boyfriend’s soul out of an impenetrable super-prison designed by the Devil himself. They don’t. But if they can exorcise the demons that have possessed his body, it should open the door for his soul to climb back in.  Melita responds then let’s get started. Hellstrom asks her if she loves this man. When Melita asks what, Hellstrom asks her if she loves Logan. As Melita stammers with her response, Hellstrom tells her that he wants her to understand what she’s risking here. If they fail in this, if they trip up anywhere along the way, they could all be looking at an eternity’s worth of agony beyond imagining. Is she willing to risk that for him?  In Hell, Wolverine is nailed to a wooden X with nails in his wrists and feet. All around him are bodies of others attached to other wooden X’s, all of them in various forms of decomposition. Sneaking up, a voice tells Logan that he’s gotta say – he’s looked better. Seeing Puck standing there, Logan weakly says his name. Puck informs him that it is him. They’re a long way from Alpha Flight, eh? When Logan asks him what he’s doing there, Puck says that he doesn’t know about him but he was never much for Sunday school. He’s thinking now that was a bad idea.  When Logan then asks Puck to save Mariko, Puck says to Logan that all of Hell is watching him right now. If he wants to get out of there, help him, help Mariko, then he has to keep fighting. Every demon down there is just waiting to make a run at the throne. Every time he stands up to the big man, every time he defies him, the whole place moves a little closer to bubbling over. He’ll do what he can to help him. Just don’t let him break him. No matter what, don’t let him break him. With that, Puck slinks off into the darkness.  With renewed vigor, Logan rips free from his bonds and proceeds to attack the demons around him. Once he does, the souls stuck in Hell begin to chant “fight, fight, fight!” Making his way over to where Logan was being held, the Devil asks what the hell is happening. What’s gotten everyone so riled? When he sees Logan battling the demons, the Devil peers at him.  As Mystique, Hellstrom, the Ghost Riders, and Melita make their way up the stairs of a church, Hellstrom asks Melita if she’s sure about this. Melita answers that she is. Hellstrom adds that no matter what happens, it’s bound to be unpleasant. Is she certain she’s ready for that? Melita answers dammit, just do it already. Just save him! Entering the church, Hellstrom says fine, she was warned. Hellstrom remarks that he has the church and he has his Ghost Riders. All he’s missing now is the poor possessed victim. So any ideas where this wretch might be?  Aboard Utopia, Hellverine, donning Wolverine’s yellow and blue uniform, enters the compound. As he passes by Rogue and Hope playing chess, Rogue asks Logan how it’s going. When Logan passes by them without saying a word, Hope asks if he’s always that friendly. Rogue tells her she should see him when he’s hung over.  Entering Logan’s quarters, Hellverine sees that the room is sparsely decorated. Seeing Logan’s personal effects in boxes over in the corner, Hellverine points his finger at them and says burn. Before flames emerge from his finger, Kitty Pryde walks in wearing her space helmet. Upon seeing Logan she says she didn’t know he was around and asks if he’s got a minute. When “Logan” turns to face her, Kitty tells him that just because she’s wearing a big funky spacesuit, that’s no reason to stare. It’s her, Kitty. Remember? Earth to Logan? She then asks him what’s wrong with his eyes.  In Hell, the Devil orders Logan and the demons to stop fighting. Brandishing his Soulcutter sword, the Devil tells Logan this ends now. “You end now, little man.” Facing him Logan tells the Devil talk is cheap, bub. Show me. At that moment, the two combatants leap at each other, ready to lock in fierce battle.  Back on Utopia, Hellverine knocks Kitty away with a backfist. As he begins to stalk her, Kitty asks him what the hell’s gotten into him. Laughing, Hellverine tells her exactly. Before he can attack Kitty, Hellverine is knocked away by Colossus who tells him that he doesn’t know what’s come over him, but he must fight to regain his senses before someone gets hurt.  (2nd story)  Watching the agents of the Red Right Hand attacking Logan’s friends and loved ones, and watching Hellverine battle Colossus, the old man who is the leader states all of them. His friends, his loved ones, everyone he holds dear. They must all suffer. Just as they have.  Behind the old man stands a group of people from all walks of life. As the group watches one of the monitors, they see a report where it states that two men are dead after a group of unknown assailants stormed the San Francisco Post earlier that day. Both victims, they believe, were building security guards. One of the followers, a woman puts her hand to her mouth and says oh my god.  Another, a man wearing overalls and a hat angrily says security guards dammit, what the hell went wrong? The old man explains the their mongrels were a bit overzealous it appears. They’ve been training for this moment for a very long time. The man says this ain’t right. Killing innocent victims makes them no better than him they’re there to punish. The lady agrees. This wasn’t part of the plan. The old man turns around and tells them the plan was to make him suffer. To make his life hell in every way imaginable. And that is exactly what they are doing.  Is he sorry that two innocent men have died? Of course he is. But would he kill them again, right now, if it would bring him justice for what he’s lost, for what all of them have lost? In a heartbeat. Them and a hundred more. He has worked his entire life for this moment. He looks at the images on the screens and he feels joy in his heart. And so should them, all of them. They should be ashamed of themselves if they don’t. He never said what they were doing there would be easy. They all knew the stakes. They all signed in blood, did they not? Only through their sacrifice has this moment been possible. And only if they continue to stand together will they ultimately realize their true goal. Anyone who’s lost their nerve, anyone who’s no longer willing to fulfill their obligation, please, by all means, feel free to leave. Allow him to show them the exit.  With that, the old man pulls a handgun out of his jacket and shows all of his followers. When they all look the other way, the old man asks no one? Are they sure? Putting his gun away he says splendid. They should enjoy this moment as they should… in solidarity. As he departs the room, he tells them to excuse him, he needs some air. Under his breath he says before they all make him vomit.  Outside in the courtyard, where there are a number of Wolverine statues in various states of duress, the old man calls the individuals inside weak-willed fools. He won’t let them derail his plans. Not when he’s so close. Opening his pocket watch, he tells the picture inside that he wishes he could see it, father. The moment when it finally unfolds. When he realizes just what it is he’s done to him. It’s going to be glorious, just like he’s always promised him, just like he’s always dreamed. 