The X-Nation children all desperately try to breach through their destroyed shelter. There’s still a fire in the place, and it’s hard to get through. But thanks to some teamwork, they eventually make it. They find Sister Nicholas, who’s still barely alive. Clarion orders Twilight to use her Sphere of Influence, hoping that she can warp reality and thereby heal Nicholas. But Twilight refuses, because she’s scared since she never used her powers like that before. Nicholas is on Twilight’s side and thinks it’s too dangerous. She knows it’s her time to go. Hearing these words, Twilight decides to go for it, no matter what.  But the Sphere is too powerful, and rips Nicholas apart. Nicholas asks Twilight to just let go. She does. With her final breath, Nicholas begs the kids to make something out of their lives, and then she dies. While they mourn about the loss, X-Nation doesn’t realize that they are being watched by the Wild Boys. They plan on striking the kids again, but want to do it when they’re the most vulnerable and out of the house.  Later, the kids remember what Nicholas has been all about, and how she influenced their lives. Twilight still feels bad for not being able to rescue Nicholas. Metalsmith notices that, and talks with Clarion about if he should walk over to her. Clarion doesn’t like Metalsmith much, seeing he too likes Twilight, but despite that he tells Metalsmith to just walk over to her. Metalsmith thanks Clarion, and does so, walking away with Twilight, putting his arm around her and trying to cheer her up.  Elsewhere, Whisper gives her fellow Sisters the funeral they deserve, and burns their bodies. Whisper swears revenge, and returns back to Atlantis and plans to confront Attuma in order to do so.  Sometime later, X-Nation decides to go back to the Negative Zone Milk Bar, where they try to relax and figure out what to do next. Two minions of Warbird recognize the kids and run out of the bar. In an alley, they contact their master, who teleports his thugs out of there and prepares his next move. He swears that X-Nation shall be his!  Nostromo’s powers suddenly go out of control, as his metal arm goes wild! Freaked out, the boy runs out of the bar and shuts the door behind him, so that his friends can’t follow him. Once outside, the Wild Boys strike him down. X-Nation breaks through the door, and the battle begins. The Wild Boys are a lot stronger than they used to be, and manage to defeat everyone besides Metalsmith, who’s left standing. While the Wild Boys point their attention to him, Nostromo wakes up after being knocked out and sees his chance to escape.  On a rooftop, Shakti desperately tries to use her powers to locate the kids. She finds their energy signatures, but can’t pinpoint them. She notices Nostromo below her, running, and calls for him. Nostromo recognizes her and lengthens his arm to the roof and grabs her! Shakti calms the boy down, but he can’t since he doesn’t know what’s happening to his powers. Shakti doesn’t know either, but promises to find a solution.  Suddenly, she screams. X-Nation’s energy signatures have vanished. And Cerebra fears that can only mean one thing: they are dead!  Exodus has arrived on the battlefield and has taken down both X-Nation and the Wild Boys. With energy flowing around his body, Exodus stands triumphantly over the kids, and smiles. 