Fire engulfs the Earth and humans die as the power of the Phoenix is unleashed. Magneto manipulated Hope Summers into believing humanity is her enemy. The two of them have descended to Earth to make a last appeal to their fellow mutants to join them.  Hovering over X-Men and Avengers alike, Hope announces the world they know is coming to an end. Her fire everything in its path. Choose to follow her and they will live!  Magneto adds the offer is only for their fellow mutants. He would suggest the rest of them go home to their loved ones. Savor their last moments on the planet while they can.  They are going nowhere, Captain America vows. Avengers Assemble!  Cyclops tries to appeal to Hope. Millions are dying by the minute! Those people are not her enemy. Hope retorts the humans attacked her, intent on her demise. They forced her hand. She gave them all a choice, and yet they stand here defiant. She offers them a last chance. Join her and they will watch the planet begin again together.  Smirking, Magneto tells her not to bother. This is pointless. They are as stupid as proud. There is nothing left to save here. Destroy them all for their insolence!  Hope begs them to stand down. Not going to happen! Cap and Cyclops shout and the heroes attack.  Nova tries to get Iron Fist and Spider-Man to safety. Magneto crushes his helmet and the other two heroes fall to their deaths.  Red Hulk attacks Magneto and is disintegrated by Hope. Pslyocke stabs Hope with her psychic blade. Hope disintegrates her as well. However, the violence and power overwhelm her. She cries for Magneto’s help. She can no longer control the Phoenix.  He promises to take away her pain and then snaps her neck. The power rushes to him.  Cap throws his shield at Magneto, who catches and uses it to cut Cap and Iron Man apart. He is Phoenix! Magneto shouts and kills several heroes with one blast.  This planet is no longer of any use to him, he announces. Xavier blinds him shortly. Hulk tosses Wolverine, who stabs his claws through Magneto’s eyes. Power bursts from Magneto and Wolverine is engulfed by white blinding energy.  “Take my hand”, a voice tells him. When he can see again he beholds Jean Grey dressed as the white Phoenix. She tells him to relax and let go of all that is earthbound. She keeps them in a protective bubble while around them Earth burns.  She explains the life he knew is at an end. Everything he knew is on a new path to discovery. Do not mourn for their end but celebrate their beginning. Nothing is gone. They become part of something bigger than themselves. The world is in a constant state of change. Only when you step away can you see how quickly it happens.  Before them the world changes and new life blossoms. What now? he asks. Jean gently sets them down. They begin again. The endings of things are usually sad. Beginnings daunting, but everything in between that is where they can make the difference. They just start again with the most powerful force of the galaxy by their side.  Is she talking about the Phoenix? No, she is talking about them, she smiles. And the two of them kiss. 