On the moon, Hope has just transformed into the Phoenix. Nova, Ms. Marvel and Vision land, announcing they saw what’s happened. They are worried she cannot control the Phoenix Force. If she comes with the Avengers, they can help them.  Magneto curtly informs them she is fine. She is with him. He suggests they leave. He has been training Hope for this day.  Ms. Marvel reminds them what the Phoenix did to Thor. The power is too much for anyone to contain. Nova and Vision plead with Hope.  Magneto interrupts, accusing them of wanting to dissect her. She is staying with him and that is final! Vision assures them their intentions are good.  Hope reads their minds. They believe they want to help her but she can also see that, if things take a turn for the worse, her destruction would be their ultimate goal. She tells them she is bombarded by information on too many levels… it is too much.  Magneto offers help. She tells him she needs some time alone to process what is going on. Hope sends the Avengers back to Earth. She muses they want to help, yet see her as a threat. It is all humans know, Magneto points out. To destroy what they have no understanding of. Maybe she can change their minds, Hope muses and watches the beauty of Earth.  Magneto tells her she doesn’t see the disease called humanity. Only she can rid Earth of that cancer. She muses she could use the power to help Earth. He reminds her that humans fear what they cannot control. Emma disagrees. Hope insists she wants to give the planet a second life. Renew it without hate and hostility. They have a handful of mutants left to revive the planet as a utopia for their kind: Any mutant that stands against them should be considered and treated as an enemy.  Emma urges her not to buy into this. Humans are not trying to destroy her.  Hope is torn. Emma telepathically calls the X-Men and informs them of Magneto’s intentions.  On Utopia, Cyclops tells the others of this. Domino suggests they let the Phoenix do its work. Scott reminds her they are talking of billions of lives. They are supposed to be a superior race, not mass murderers, Xavier agrees. They need the Avengers’ help, he announces.  Soon Iron Man saves Wolverine from the ocean where Namor left him and brings him to a group of Avengers and X-Men alike. Logan tells them Emma sent all the mutants a message: Hope has the Phoenix Force and she and Magneto plan on weeding out the human race.  The Hulk demands they need to know where the X-Men stand now. Xavier announces they need to work together and promises the X-Men stand with the Avengers.  Cap asks Iron Man about his plan B. He’ll radio him right now. Iron Man informs Black Panther in space and tells him they have no choice.  Black Panther fires a missile at the three mutants on the moon. Angrily, Hope destroys it. When Magneto plans to kill the Panther, Emma protests. Hope accuses her of warning the others.  Black Panther informs the Avengers of what happened and that Magneto sealed off the main engine’s exhaust system. He’s done for. He asks Iron Man to get all X-Men and Avengers together.  Panther intends to go out with a fight. This human is no longer a threat to them, Hope coolly decides and throws a rock at full power against the spaceship, breaking the glass. Magneto adds that as long as they live all humans are a threat to them. The ship blows up.  Hope decides she let her guard down for only a second. This will not happen again. She thinks their friends down there need a warning. But first things first. She turns to Emma, who tells her they are both insane. Magneto accuses her of turning her back on their people. She is no longer useful to them, Hope agrees.  When Emma turns into diamond form, Hope breaks her apart into tiny diamond shards. She admires their beauty.  Magneto reminds her that the humans will attack as soon as they enter the atmosphere and he is sure Charles has called everyone together. Hope decides they must do something unexpected to disperse them and divert their resources.  In the meantime, the space Avengers have joined with the others. Nova worries they lost Hope to Magneto. Then they must prepare for the worst, Cyclops announces. Iron Man adds they have informed all governments. Even the countries at war have stopped and put themselves on high alert. He spoke to Reed Richard and he is putting together a weapon to stop the Phoenix.  Wolverine darkly tells Xavier they both know there is no way to stop this. Xavier replies he tried to contact Hope, but it’s useless. Wolverine fears Magneto will use her as a puppet. They can’t win. Magneto is getting what he always wanted. Xavier announces they will not give up without a fight. Wolverine has no illusions. It will end badly. What other choice do they have? Xavier asks. There is always a choice, Logan replies, and he thinks Xavier can help him… Hope and Magneto destroy Earth’s satellites and warning systems. Hope throws meteors at Earth, causing several disasters. The Baxter Building is hit, as are many cities.  Hope and Magneto address the heroes. She announces she is the savior of those who would choose to follow her. For all others, only death and destruction await… 