Ananda Lewis and Touré welcome viewers on BET to the wedding of Ororo Munroe and T’Challa live from Wakanda. The two introduce exactly who the two celebrity superheroes are, one a weather goddess who became leader of the X-Men and the other the king of Wakanda. The two reporters explain that with this wedding, the two heroes will become a dominant power couple thanks to Wakanda’s highly advanced technology, large amounts of natural resources, particularly Vibranium. Not to mention the fact that as the Black Panther, T’Challa is very close to the Avengers, and as Storm, Ororo has deep connections to the X-Men. Ananda also states how close they are to other members of the superhero community like Tony Stark and Captain America. Touré says that though they’re close, their friendships will be put to the test thanks to America’s Superhuman Registration Act.  Before the wedding begins, the guests converge outside the Wakandan Palace. Luke Cage tells Spider-Man that he’s impressed at how committed Peter is to the Superhuman Registration Act, but Spider-Man quickly tries to change the subject.  Elsewhere, the Invisible Woman tells Mr. Fantastic how surprised she is with him coming to the wedding. The Thing just tries to get them to make peace long enough for the wedding. Some of the X-Men converge together and talk about their feelings on the wedding. While Kitty is extremely happy for Storm, Cyclops has to wonder what the wedding will do to her status as an X-Man.  T’Shan walks through the guests of the wedding, eyeing them all. The psychic parasite who has made his home within T’Shan, Cannibal, forces himself to stick to his plan rather than taking over one of the many other powerful guests. Falcon passes T’Shan while pushing Isaiah Bradley in his wheelchair. While guests quickly move to greet him, Luke Cage explains to Wolverine that Bradley is technically the first of him.  Inside the palace, the Dora Milaje stand guard outside T’Challa’s gymnasium while he and Storm make use of the facilities. T’Challa informs Ororo that because his mother is the highest ranking elder, aside from himself, she will perform the ceremony. He then explains that when he passed his initiation to become the Black Panther, there was a final test in which his soul was taken to the Celestial Plane where he had to face the Panther God.  T’Challa tells her that she will be judged as a soulmate and the bearer of future generations. Storm becomes slightly indignant and asks that if the Pather God doesn’t like her, would that mean that T’Challa’s feelings for her simply don’t matter. T’Challa insists that that’s not what it means, and tells her that if worst comes to worst then the Panther God will simply consume her soul. T’Challa tries to explain that it’s an extremely important rite in the Panther Cult, and is how they’ve remained so strong. He asks her if she would want him to resign as King over this. Storm tells him that nothing scares her, but if she doesn’t pass then he will have to resign to be with her. Their conversation is interrupted by a knock at the door.  Though T’Challa is expecting him, Ororo is shocked to see Professor Xavier standing there. After T’Challa greets Xavier he and the Dora Milaje leave Storm and her mentor alone. After a brief shock that Xavier can walk once again, the two hug. Xavier insists that it is a long story, and that they should talk about her instead.  Charles explains that he is as happy as any father on his child’s wedding day. He tells Ororo that she now has the man she loves and deserves. He explains that with this union he believes there is no one else more suited to Ororo’s upcoming role. Charles continues telling her that Storm has been many things in her life, but her next role is most important. Because of who the groom is and the marriage itself, it is a definitive step toward mutant-human coexistence. Thanks to their wedding, Ororo has become the most important mutant in the world, a symbol of the good relations between species. With a kiss on her hand, Charles tells her that it was the role she was born to play. The two quietly hug.  Iron Man walks through the palace, being led by the Dora Milaje. He finds the Black Panther standing with Captain America. Both Iron Man and Captain America quickly go on guard against the other and demand an explanation from T’Challa.  Outside the palace, the guests find themselves face to face with a completely unexpected visitor. Dr. Strange, Brother Voodoo, and Blade quickly decipher that it is indeed the Watcher. Ananda and Touré look through their superhero guidebook and inform the viewing audience that the Watcher only shows up when some cosmic event is about to occur. Mr. Fantastic and the Thing speculate, but decide the only way they’d know for sure why he showed up would be to ask him.  Back inside, T’Challa is forced to physically place himself between Captain America and Iron Man. T’Challa pleads with his two old friends and asks that they use Wakanda’s neutrality and the wedding to rekindle the two men’s old friendship. After the two merely glare at each other, T’Challa continues begging the two to not let a piece of paper destroy a partnership that helped defeat so many foes. Captain America is the first to speak, clearly telling T’Challa that it isn’t a piece of paper but the principles behind it.  Iron Man continues telling Captain America that it is about the law that ensures safety. A law that Captain America is breaking. Captain America responds quickly that the registration is presuming criminal behavior and that it’s a case of profiling. Iron Man defends his stance comparing it to gun control and telling him that it’s for the greater good. Angrily, Captain America tells him that being gifted, a superhero, isn’t a crime or a threat. Iron Man quickly ends the conversation telling Captain America to tell the parent of Stamford that.  Captain America turns and asks T’Challa to apologize to Ororo, and that he wanted to be there. Black Panther tries to talk to him, but Captain America walks off leaving T’Challa to tell Iron Man that he wishes they’d have at least tried. Iron Man flat out tells T’Challa that though he meant well, this meeting was a mistake. He continues by explaining that Wakanda’s neutrality is why he’s abiding the fugitives present. He then warns T’Challa that what he’s doing will allow his enemies to take advantage of the clear opportunities. T’Challa then simply asks Iron Man if he is his friend. Tony flips up his mask and quickly tells T’Challa that he shouldn’t meddle in things that don’t concern him Though silent for a moment, T’Challa does not back down. He tells Tony flat out that the war brewing in America is a cancer eating the soul of the countril and it has no place in Wakanda. Iron Man takes a moment then walks off tell T’Challa to give his regards to Ororo. Black Panther is left alone, defeated in his attempt to bring the two old friends together.  Back outside Ananda and Touré welcome more political guests as President Bush, Fidel Castro, and Nelson Mandela arrive. Then they’re deafened by the applause for the arrival of Oprah Winfrey.  Mr. and Mrs. Munroe, Ororo’s paternal grandparents, along with their grandson are escorted to their seats. The two marvel at the fact that they’re actually in Wakanda, before quietly arguing about why President Bush should be there. The usher finds a seat for them with Ororo’s maternal side. The two elderly women sit next to each other in silence before they acknowledge one another. The two grandmothers begin to cry and then decide that it is time to celebrate the future and not mourn the past. They quietly hug amongst the gathered growd as Mr. Munroe keeps his grandson in line.  Inside Ororo’s room, she prepares under Kitty Pryde’s watchful eye. While Kitty begs to see the dress, Ororo begins to have cold feet. Kitty calms her fears easily reminding Storm that she’s been in love with T’Challa since she was a teenager. Kitty then promises Ororo that she’ll visit, but Ororo is hesitant to agree to coming back to America. She fears that the U. S. will not welcome them.  Elsewhere, T’Challa prepares as his uncle stands by his side. The Black Panther is preoccupied with why the Watcher would appear at their wedding. S’yan tries to calm him by telling him that it is an important event that could possibly change the world, but T’Challa doesn’t accept it. S’yan quickly wonders if Uatu’s presence could be because of children, but T’Challa simply states that it’s none of his business. S’yan tries to tell T’Challa that he feels the Black Panther’s father’s presence and that he is happy. T’Challa simply says ‘don’t’ and dons his mask wanting to get out there to the wedding.  The crowd anxiously awaits the arrivals of the bride and groom outside the palace. From within one of the enormous panther statues, T’Challa springs out and lands beside his mother. She asks where Ororo is, and T’Challa quietly jokes that Ramonda scared her off. Suddenly, Ramonda sees Storm. High above the crowd in a jeweled gown, Ororo Munroe floats down from the sky. Her ceremonial garb flies about her until she lands, stunning both Nightcrawler and Wolverine.  T’Challa and Ororo greet one another and join hands. Ramonda reminds them both of all the people that love them and that love must be the foundation of their marriage. With their union, they will continue to bring Wakanda to the forefront of the world and they are the foundation of Wakanda. Ramonda informs them that they will now be in judgment of the Panther God 	Quickly, without warning, both Ororo and T’Challa are transported to the spirit world where they quickly come into contact with the Ape God. Storm quickly finds that in this form she has no powers, so the two lovers must run from the angry god. 	Ororo is in awe of her surroundings, but T’Challa warns her that though they may not see him, the Panther-God is tracking them. The Ape-God has left them be now that they are in the presence of the great Panther-God. Ororo sees him and T’Challa simply reminds her to have no fear.  	Circling the two, the Panther-God asks T’Challa who Ororo is. T’Challa’s answer is simple: his bride. The Panther-God crouches down to look at Ororo and questions her because once she claimed to be of divinity. T’Challa defends her and asks the Panther-God not to judge her on others’ opinions, but to know that he needs her to fulfill his destiny. The Pather-God watches Ororo with enormous eyes and states that he will judge what she truly is. Ororo can only look on. 	In a horrible roar the Panther-God bares his giant teeth. Ororo stands her ground before him. Next he smells her and finishes by licking her from top to bottom. Ororo stands by as the Panther-God looks at them both and welcomes Ororo.  	Before either have a chance to take in what just happened, they are transported back to the physical world. Ramonda is surprised at how quickly it went, while Ororo thinks they’ve been gone much longer. Ororo says that it was wonderful. Ramonda announces ton the gathered crowd that the Panther-God blessed the couple and that now, they should all celebrate their love. The band bursts out into music as T’Challa and Ororo kiss to finally join in their union.  	Later, at the reception the celebration is in fully swing as some guests congratulate the couple while others make use of the dance floor. Meanwhile, Dr. Strange and Brother Voodoo notice something strange with T’Shan. As Ororo and T’Challa’s sister accept one another into their families the two mystics search for T’Shan.  	They quickly find him passed out on the floor. Dr. Strange states that the host was abandoned and the being could be anywhere, while Brother Voodoo worries that he could be anyone. While this is happening Luke Cage tries to convince his wife, Jessica Jones to forget about America and its current problems. Jessica however just laughs that Luke needs to get over his “Black Avengers” kick. At the bar, Spider-Man drinks his cola and is surprised to find a large man sitting next to him. They introduce themselves and Spider-Man learns that it’s Man-Ape sitting next to him.  	Man-Ape explains to Spider-Man that he came to get his revenge for not being invited and to demand respect for his tribe, he discovered that he actually was invited. Spider-Man quickly jokes that Man-Ape should stop drinking, then he quips that if Man-Ape wants respect, he should walk around in a giant white rug. Man-Ape becomes furious and Spider-Man to push his luck telling Man-Ape that he should name himself after a more popular animal. It’s now that Man-Ape insists the hero is disrespecting him and his tribe. The two quickly fight one another with Luke and Jessica looking on, insisting that now it’s a real super hero wedding.  	After all the guests have left, Ororo and T’Challa sort through their various gifts. Storm hands T’Challa an envelope that she insists he may open. T’Challa sees that it bares the seal of Latveria and explains that everything has been carefully scanned. When T’Challa opens it, a hologram of Dr. Doom begins speaking. Dr. Doom greets both the King and Queen and explains that he takes no offense to not being invited as they probably assumed he was unavailable being trapped in Hell.  	He continues quickly informing the couple that his letter is neither trick nor trap, but rather an offering of congratulations and advice. Dr. Doom explains that their marriage changes everything and will be felt the world over. Also, he tells them that alliances are shifting and times are changing. The world is much more unpredictable. Doom asks that T’Challa consider if his one time friends are no longer friendly, then perhaps enemies are no longer a threat. Doom requests a conversation between the three, and insists that his door is always open.  	Ororo and T’Challa quietly look at each other once the hologram had faded. T’Challa asks about Latveria for the honeymoon. Storm smiles and says that that isn’t funny. The two embrace and lie back kissing. T’Challa says that those are troubles for another day. 