In the darkness of the woods, little Katie Power hunts for her brother Jack. She is dressed in an elaborate Cinderella gown although she still wears her typical “Katie-braids”. Jack, dressed as Wolverine, leaps from a tree and tackles her. Sorry, darlin’…but Jack ain’t here… Jack plays too rough, though, and Katie’s princess costume is torn. When he refuses to get off her, Katie gets angry and begins to glow. Fine…let’s play…with that, Katie becomes Energizer and launches a volley of stored energy directly at Jack.  Jack expands his mass and converts to cloud-form to avoid the attack, but loses his Wolverine costume in the process. Jack becomes angry that Katie could have ripped his costume. This is especially bothersome since he plans to win the costume contest. Katie doubts that will happen since his Wolverine is highly unoriginal. Jack calls Katie “Cinder-Smella” just to spite her, and Katie storms off. As she leaves, she tells Jack that Mom and Dad are leaving in five minutes…with or without him.  Later, the family arrives at the farmhouse where the party is being held. Mr. and Mrs. Power are dressed as Dr. Frankenstein and the Bride of Frankenstein’s Monster, and Alex and Julie are dressed as Abraham Lincoln and an elf.  Julie and Alex head off with friends, and Mrs. Power and Katie head off to carve pumpkins. This leaves Jack and Mr. Power to go check out the competition for the costume contest. Jack is convinced that he has the trophy in the bag until he looks around and realized that the room is filled with no fewer than nineteen other versions of Wolverine. Dismayed, he sulks and leaves the party.  After winning an apple in the bobbing contest, Katie notices that Jack is pouting outside the barn. She tries to cheer him up, but Jack is too upset. He lashes out in frustration and anger and calls her a worthless little baby. Just because she is his sister doesn’t mean that she can pretend to be his friend. Get out of my life! Katie is broken-hearted and runs off into the woods crying.  Jack turns around and realizes that Julie and Alex saw the whole thing. They reprimand him for his temper and tell him that he needs to make this right with Katie or they will tell Mom and Dad. The three siblings set off into the woods to find their sister.  As Katie sits on a rock crying, she sees the silhouetted shape of Wolverine in the shadows. Assuming that it is Jack, the child spouts off at him and launches a volley of energy blasts in his direction. Wolverine is taken off guard, but moves quickly to dodge the attack. Katie is taken aback by her “brother’s” agility. She suddenly understands as Wolverine steps into the light, pops his claws, and tells her not to say a word if she wants to get out of the woods alive. Of course, she screams.  The other three Power children hear Katie’s cry and head off in her direction, but Jack goes the other way when he hears a loud “krakt” and decides to investigate. Alex and Julie can’t believe Jack would rather investigate a noise in the woods than find his sister who might be in danger, but Jack heads off alone anyway.  He comes across several trees that have been gouged with deep claw marks, and before he realizes what is happening, he is face to face with Sabretooth. He is hunting Wolverine, and says that he can smell him from here. Jack replies that he can smell him too…He thinks Sabretooth is another Halloween partygoer, and calls him hairball. He realizes how wrong he is when Sabretooth lunges at him and shreds his Wolverine costume. Jack activates his mass controlling power and converts to cloud form just in time to avoid being disemboweled. The oafish Sabretooth is easily confused and Jack takes advantage of this to deliver a reverse Jack-Hammer punch right under Sabretooth’s chin. It was a mistake to go solid, however, for the feral mutant quickly grabs Jack by the arm and lifts him into air.  Wolverine and Jack’s brother and sisters show up just in the nick of time. Alex yells “Costumes on!” and the battle begins.  It is short one. Jack is amazed that Katie has found the real Wolverine and even more amazed when Logan asks Katie for some help. Power and Pack and Wolverine make quick work of Sabretooth thanks in great part to the teamwork of Jack and Katie. After Sabretooth is down, Jack admits that sometimes the best teammates are the ones you least suspect and smiles at Katie.  Suddenly Sabretooth leaps back into the fight. Jack distracts him with cloud cover and while he is blinded Wolverine punches his ticket. With the bad guy down for the count, Logan chains Sabretooth to a motorcycle and then joins the Power family for the rest of the Halloween party.  Everyone is surprised when Jack is declared the costume winner with his “battle- damaged” Wolverine costume. Jack grins as he clutches his trophy.  What can I say, bub? I’m the best there is at what I do… 