Somewhere in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia, a group of mercenaries makes their way through the war torn streets. They are searching every building, and dark alleys looking for something. While, unknown to them, someone is targeting them from behind. Suddenly, Deadpool bursts from a boarded window, crashing straight into the gang of mercs and proceeds to shoot and beat them down in his own inimitable style. With a flurry of jokes and put downs, Deadpool easily beats his opponents, emerging victorious over a pile of bodies he has just created.  Deadpool proceeds down the street, until he reaches a burnt-out shell of a building and walks down the steps. No sooner than he reaches the dark bottom does someone place a gun at the back of his head. Deadpool swiftly turns around and grabs the gun from Weasel’s hand, and then begins to berate him for his mistake, asking him who else would come here looking for him. Weasel wonders why Deadpool didn’t just teleport in like he usually does, at which point Deadpool explains that the teleporter in his suit is on the fritz. Weasel goes on to say that he’s heard that someone has put a target on his head, but Deadpool adds that it’s not just him who’s a target, it’s anyone who’s ever worked for Tolliver. Trying to piece the events together, Weasel manages to deduce that after Cable had killed Tolliver, the weapons dealer left his entire estate up for grabs to whoever could find it first … which could be anything.  Deadpool warns Weasel not to try anything funny, like stabbing him in the back, but Weasel says that he knows better. Deadpool explains that the reason he’s come to Weasel is that he needs help tracking down Vanessa, who disappeared in Boston after her friend Tina was killed. Just then, someone else enters the scene, someone who also has an interest in Vanessa, Garrison Kane.  Angouleme, France: At a genetic research facility, a group of panicking scientists are running away from a rampaging Juggernaut, who has come to find his partner-in-crime, Black Tom Cassidy. He is interrupted by the Director of Direct Directions (whatever that means), Louis Banque, who informs Juggernaut that his friend is alive and that he would be more than happy to bring him to him, after which he kindly guides him to a sealed vault. With a swipe from the Louis’s badge, the vault iris opens, leaving a stunned Juggernaut with disbelieving stare at what he is witnessing inside. New Delhi, India: Another man by the Name of Nyko is on a run for his life, a short squat man with a balding dead, but armed to the teeth with weaponry. Behind him three darkened mercenaries attempt to jump him, but Nyko turns around and unleashes his small arsenal and promptly blows the mercs away easily. Nyko states that his family may be small, but they carry big guns. A man appears behind Nyko, who he turns to aim his gun at him, however the man is unarmed and is entirely expected. It is Jacob Gavin Jr, AKA the Courier, who admires not only Nyko’s prowess with his weapons but finds it completely understandable why Nyko has suddenly become a target. Nyko states that he knows nothing about the Tolliver will, but needs the Courier to deliver a message to the Executive Elite. Nyko blames Deadpool for his part in his brother’s death, and now wants him to pay for it.  Sarajevo: Kane jumps Deadpool, but DP counters with a swords strike that is also easily deflected by Kane’s new arm weaponry. Weasel takes cover behind a bunch of crates, calling them both idiots. DP pulls out a gun and blasts Kane’s arm, and finds much to his surprise that the bullet holes seal back up before his eyes. Kane smugly offers the bullets back, which doesn’t amuse DP at all, and he kicks Kane across the face. The two continue to trade punches and insults with each other, until Weasel calls out to them and finally gets their attention. Weasel exclaims that neither have what the other is looking for, at which point DP begins to realize that Kane wasn’t searching for Vanessa to kill her but just wanted to find her. Kane, upon discovering that DP has no idea where Vanessa is, turns to leave. DP calls out that he has first dibs on icing her, but Kane in turn relates that it isn’t her he should be worried about. Slayback has been spotted, alive and unwell and he’s search for Deadpool.  Department K: Juggernaut asks Banque want they did to his partner, and Banque answers by stating that they saved his life. When Cable shot Black Tom, the injuries were quite extensive and some modifications were necessary in order to save him. Tom approaches the medical bay, which then opens before him, and Tom looks towards his friend. Juggernaut asks if Tom is okay, at which point Black Tom stands up, the full view of the modifications now apparent. Portions of his body are now with some sort of wood growth that runs across part of his chest and down his arms. Tom states that he’s never felt better, and to point him in the direction of the first person, who needs to be fleeced, finagled or killed! 