A group of Brazilian mutants are hiding from their government in the rainforest near the coast. They are afraid the Marauders won’t come to save them, as the entire navy is out there. They urge one of them who can breathe underwater to save himself. He refuses. Suddenly, a lightning bolt splits the skies and the mutants figure that is the Marauders’ signal they were waiting for. A ship makes its way towards them and they hear a voice singing, as Pyro, Iceman and Storm clear the way. The refugees run into the water toward the ship but a Brazilian military - Paragon - bars their way, calling them traitors and ordering them to obey the state. A moment later, Storm’s voice comes from behind, telling Paragon those children don’t belong to him. They are Krakoan and, if they so choose, they will come with her. With a smirk, he asks if she really wants a fight with him. Unimpressed, she lights up and replies she doesn’t even know who he is. Furious, he orders her not to take another step. There will be no fight, she replies. A lightning bolt from the cloud that formed above him stops him. If that is the best she can do, he grins. Storm tells him that was merely the leader. The main bolt is still in the cloud. Paragon wisely shuts up. Pyro welcomes the young mutants and offers them a beer, much to Storm’s consternation. Iceman guides them through the Krakoan gateway aboard the ship. A rooftop in Taipei:Bishop studies a map in Krakoan and Kate is trying to, then admits she never learned the language as she could never step through a gateway. She decides to have Emma download it for her then points toward the building they are watching. It’s covered in guards. Bishop tells her they can be in and out in 90 seconds, if she makes the bullseye. No problem, Kate assures him and they jump downward together into the lower building. Mid-jump, Bishop asks what she and Logan infiltrated when they did this together. Kate corrects him: She told Logan she could do this and he told her she was crazy. They are going to die, Bishop sighs and she chides that, if he is going to be the Red Bishop, they need to work on a more positive attitude. He doesn’t want to be a red anything for the Hellfire Club! he protests while Kate opens the parachute. Technically, it’s a corporation now, she corrects him, making him point out why a corporation needs kings and queens. They land on the rooftop and phase through it landing in the penthouse of missing billionaire Lim Zhao and his wife Chen. Kate snoops around. Disgusted by an ivory tusk, she phases it into the wall. Is he sure Mrs. Zhao isn’t going to walk in? she asks. She’s the headliner of an anti-mutant rally tonight, he explains. 80 seconds left, he reminds her. The penthouse has a void he needs to get into. Someone has taken a lot of effort to shield the panic room from any tech. Mrs. Zhao claims her husband Lim touched the Krakoan gate in Taipei and disappeared. But there is no sign of his admittance anywhere on Krakoa. Kate tartly points out the gates aren’t exactly foolproof. So, they haven’t solved her situation? he asks as they phase through the wall toward the panic room. Kate fears the situation isn’t high on the priority list. They are building a nation and she just slipped through the cracks… They enter the panic room, a simple cell with a bed and bathroom amenities. The man inside, Lim Zhao, recognizes them and bursts out that he prayed for the mutants to come and rescue him. Can they go to Krakoa? He needs to get out of here! He sinks down to his kneed in worship. Bishop asks him to give them a moment for a mutant only chat. Lim holds his ears shut and sings. Bishop tells Kate the guy is “Order of X.” Kate has no idea what that means and he explains it’s one of the mutant-worshipping cults that have sprung up. Kate still has trouble wrapping her mind around the concept of people worshipping them. Bishop muses that Xavier spoke to the entire world telepathically and some were driven mad by this. They can’t leave him, Kate decides. Bishop points out they can’t take him to Krakoa. And weren’t they supposed to be out of here five minutes ago? Kate asks. A voice from outside warns Lim that they are under attack. He denies this and tries to give an order. He is kicked in the stomach by one of two identical looking young women dressed in black with long clawed hands. They inform him he doesn’t command them, his wife does, and order him to lie down on the floor or die. Kate phases through one of their attacks and wonders if Lady Deathstrike started a maid service, then hits her attacker in the face. Bishop tries to shoot the other one but misses. The woman hits Kate’s nose. Damn, it was almost healed! Kate mutters and gets a pillow to use as defense while trying to make Bishop a job offer. She uses the pillow to capture the other woman’s arm then phases it into her. Bishop shoots the other woman and repeats he doesn’t want to have anything to do with the Hellfire Club. Looking at Kate’s foe he asks if she can get it out of her. She could but their 90 seconds were up eight minutes ago. They grab Lim, planning to have a chat with his wife… In the Taipei Arena, Mrs. Zhao is holding an anti-mutant rally, complaining about their drugs and portals. When she mentions her missing husband Kate loudly shouts “found him!” She looks up irritated, as Kate asks guess who they found locked up at her house? Lim greets her weakly. His gods delivered him from prison. Mrs. Zhoa sputters. Kate climbs up the stage. Crazy, right? she asks. What happened? Her husband joined a cult and she thought she could blame Krakoa? The days of mutants being scapegoats are over! The crowd begins booing. Bishop suggests they bounce. Copy that, Red Bishop, she replies as she phases them into the ground. Red’s not his color, he protests weakly, and where is her red? She replies Emma is having Jumbo Carnation tailor everything. Sometime later, Madripoor:Mrs. Zhao explains how her life ended on that stage, as the mutants publicly humiliated her. And so, she has come here seeking justice. She thanks them for their notes and wants to make a sizeable contribution to their organization to fully commit to the fight against their mutant oppressors! With a smirk Kade Kilgore announces they are no longer the Hellfire Club, so make sure to make the payment to Homines verendi. And consider what color she would like to wear. The young Baron Frankenstein expresses his sympathy and the theory that mutant telepaths are behind the new churches. They will liberate them all. Manuel Enduque vows that the humans will continue ruling the planet and Wilhemina Kensington asks her to be her White Bishop. They are going to have so much fun! 