Christian Frost has led a group of Krakoan kids on a tour of the red farm on Mars. He hands them over to his sister, the White Queen, to continue their tour of the solar system. Emma greets the young mutants while smelling a flower. She explains that, here on Mars, they grow the flowers that become the medicines they are using to transform Earth. The humans get longer, better lives and they get peace. She leads them though a Krakoan gate to enter a factory where Krakoan automatons, built by Forge, produce the medicines. She explains what they are creating here is leverage. As the children become young adults, they hope they will use their gifts to maintain it. She promises the cheering kids to lead them to Magneto’s secret island, then the Savage Land. That moment, Bishop contacts her telepathically. He explains he tried reaching the other telepaths but he is too far out of range. He is surprised she heard him. Emma suggests it is because the Cuckoos are acting like an antenna. Right now, they are around the globe. He asks her to remote view through his eyes and apologizes in advance. He is on a salvage ship above a wreck a couple of miles outside Madripoor. He needs backup now. She cries out in horror when she sees what he has to show her – the drowned corpse of Kate Pryde. Staying outwardly calm, she makes excuses to the kids, promising to continue the tour another day. She only breaks down when Christian has led the kids away, then telepathically calls the Marauders. Iceman joins them soon and informs them that Pyro and Storm are in Brazil. He has no idea where Bishop and Kate are. Emma announces that the three of them will be enough. They need to return to Madripoor. She warns him he needs to steel himself for what she is about to tell him… On the Verendi ship, an agent is about to bring a covered mutant corpse to Verendi, who want her DNA. Bishop takes him out and, as he opens the body bag, telepathically tells Emma there is no need to continue. The kill is confirmed. He is attacked and asks for extraction. Emma tells him they are already aboard and orders him to the stern. The ship hits an iceberg and the soldiers find the atmosphere becoming cold. One of the men tears off his protective gear, shouting he is burning up. A moment later, the cargo door ices up and breaks and a very angry Iceman steps though. “Murderer,” he accuses them calmly. The men try to shoot but Iceman is about to kill them without lifting a finger until Bishop speaks to him. “Kill no man” is mutant law, Iceman recalls. He touches one of the men’s arms and freeze it, but “an eye for an eye” is man’s law. Frostbite never quite heals, he tells them. Let it be a constant reminder to never take up arms against them. However, if they feel mistreated, they know where he lives… Emma has them teleported onto Christian’s sub. Iceman asks if they are heading to Arbor Magna for Kate. Emma replies she will meet them there. First, she needs to tell Storm. Emma waits at a balcony of her castle until Storm flies in. Enraged and grieving, Storm shouts that she told her. Every time Emma traipses into their lives, it all goes to hell! She said this would happen! She recalls, Emma replies. Storm shouts that, until they knew what was happening with Kate, she should have stayed here on the island. Emma retorts she would not have tolerated being stuck here. Where was Emma when it happened? Storm asks accusingly. Fashion week? On the Moon? Over at… She was doing her job, Emma interrupts her. She might ask where the powerful mutants she arranged to shadow Kate were. Storm decks her. Emma continues as if nothing happened but, as she was about to say, she knows Storm was doing the important work of delivering their people to Krakoa. She died alone, Storm states, then discharges lightning with a cry of rage. Emma hugs her and announces she wants to give her a gift. It’s going to be hard to compete with finally getting to slap her upside down after all these years, Storm remarks wryly. Emma telepathically sends to her how Storm made her feel when she reintroduced Cyclops after the attack on Orchis. It was that moment that the magnitude of what they are attempting finally gripped her. She made her feel they could do anything, and it’s how she knows in her heart Kate will return to them. Now the White Queen gives her hope. Today is truly humbling, Ororo admits. Emma offers that she could turn to her diamond form and Storm can hit her some more. Storm laughs despite herself and announces she never changes. She just wants Kate back! At the Black Keep, father and son Shaw are having a sumptuous dinner. Looking out the window, Sebastian notes there is trouble at the White Palace, but let them keep the less fortunate out of mind today. He praises the way Shinobi has been handling himself. Shinobi corrects that they have done well. They have not attempted to kill each other, and they are getting the drugs out and the mutants in. And who are his sponsors to join the Black? Sebastian asks, looking at the blonde couple entering and sitting down. Shinobi introduces their new Black Knights, the Strucker twins aka Fenris. Andrea and Andreas note that black in not their usual color. They look better in white. Shaw hints that, if they impress him, he might accommodate that wish… In Madrioor, the teenage fisher girl nurses Lockheed back to health, despite her father’s wishes. Finally, the dragon begins to breathe some flame and the girl is sure he is on the way back to recovery. 