A confused Kate Pryde, dressed in a red gown, mutters she can’t believe this is happening. Addressing her as “Red Queen,” Emma Frost tells her that her friends await, pointing to the crowd of people expecting them. Kate doesn’t recognize them. Emma tells her to look closer. These are the mutants she helped the Hellfire Trading Company bring home to Krakoa. Storm sends lightning bolts into the sky. Smiling, she announces she has no flesh of her flesh but she has a daughter. She has known her by many names over the years. She met her as Kitty, then as Sprite. Later, Shadowcat. How does she know it’s her? Because, Kate replies, once when she was a dumb kid she threatened to abandon Storm over her haircut? And then that girl grew up and got knuckle tats, Storm replies as she hugs her. This is the Red Queen! she announces to the crowd. Who is she? A mutant, the crowd echoes. Later, Kate and Emma ride hoses across the beach. When did they get horses? Kate asks. Emma replies that she grew up in Boston, so naturally riding was her first love. Father may have let the family down, but his checks cleared. Hellfire Bay will be home to the finest horses anywhere. Kate stops her horse, then tells Emma she wants to get this over with. Emma replies there is plenty of time for business later; that’s not what tonight is for. She mustn’t keep her friends waiting. Kate insists that he saw them coming and made the first move. Yes, Emma admits. She got it all from Lockheed. Kate orders her to show her and Emma links them telepathically to share the memory. Kate lives through Shaw’s attack and attempted murder on Lockheed. Emma calmly tells Kate that nothing changes. They stick to the plan. Kate refuses. She has a better idea. What is she thinking? Emma asks. She reads her mind and looks shocked. Kate insists he deserves it. Emma laughs and applauds, assuring her it will be done. They ride into the Red Keep, where friends and allies are waiting with a welcoming party. Wolverine holds up a beer and congratulates her on losing her resurrection cherry. Kate guesses she should say a few words. Rachel calls out for her to go on: they are all listening. Kate smiles and the next moment she is hugged by Nightcrawler, who tells her they have much to discuss. She tells him to hold that thought. She looks back to where Rachel stood a moment ago but she is gone. Kurt puts something into her hand, remarking their friends almost put it into the sea. It is her Star of David pendant. He knows she has been in search for answers, but sometimes they only reveal themselves when you are ready. Kate puts the pendant on a necklace and admits she was pissed about the Gates, but that was a lifetime ago. She knows who she is and what she needs to— She is interrupted by Magik teleporting in with a mariachi band and throwing herself at Kate, as they both tumble to the ground. Suddenly, Sebastian Shaw stands over her. Offering a bottle of Krakoan whiskey as a gift, he announces he wanted to personally welcome her home. Kate stands up and thanks him for the gift. Shaw announces with her back, as the Red Queen Hellfire Trading will continue to turn the world on its head. Kate surprisingly hugs him and he does not see her angry facial expression. Now they celebrate! she shouts. After some slugs, she leaves the whiskey with Wolverine and asks Illyana to teleport her away, first to the Marauder, then food. A clothes change and a burger later, Illyana leaves Kate outside a tattoo parlor. Kate steps inside. The tattoo artist is a young woman who looks a little like Illyana. She wants to close shop but enough money convinces her she now has a date with Kate. Sometime later, the girl works on giving Kate knuckle tattoos. She carefully asks about the letters and Kate tells her it is the name of the man who hurt her. Afterwards, she asks Kate if she knows how to take care of the tattoo. Kate gives her a kiss, smiles and leaves. Outside the shop, she stretches and yawns. She’s been awake for almost a day but she may never sleep again. There is too much to do. Every breath that man takes is an insult she cannot abide. The tattoo artist has closed shop and asks if Kate needs anything else. Which way to the harbor? Kate asks as she displays her new knuckle tattoos which spell Kill Shaw. 