No long ago, after Kate Pryde’s funeral, Lockheed had come to Emma Frost’s castle and, via telepathy, showed her the identity of the man who hurt him and killed Kate – Sebastian Shaw. Emma telepathically orders her knight Callisto to find the Black Bishop – Sebastian’s son Shinobi – and await the kill order. Shinobi is just having drinks with Emma’s brother Christian at the Green Lagoon and he has an idea he wants Christian to run by Emma. Emma telepathically influences Shinobi to excuse himself for a moment and head outside. There she reads his mind. She tells Callisto who has her knife ready to stand down. Shinobi didn’t know. She orders Shinobi to return to her brother and be kind to him and to remember nothing of this encounter. Callisto wants to know what’s wrong. Nothing they can’t fix, is Emma’s evasive answer. The present:Storm sits atop a mountain, telling Callisto, who is climbing upward to join her, that she knows her answer. Exhausted, Cal complains she has been really hard to get ahold of, since that Otherworld nonsense. Enough about her problems; has Storm told Emma and Kate that she is leaving yet? Storm replies that, even without Cal’s heightened senses, her perception is surreal. And no, she has not. Cal replies she won’t ask where Storm is off to, but she would like her to help before she leaves. The pretender halfway killed her back on M-Day. Now she is working all over the world but nothing smells or tastes right. The world feels fake – she needs her damn senses back. She is suffering! Storm replies tight-lipped that she does not disapprove of Crucible but she does not wish to participate. Why her? Cal reminds her that Apocalypse is gone. Now if you want your powers back, you gotta bring someone to the dance. Strom suggests logan. Callisto admits that, while she likes knives, she does not like getting cut. Storm apologizes as she rises up. Callito calls after her if she remembers how far she was willing to go to become whole. The island of Mykines, which Magneto recently acquired on Emma Frost’s behalf from the Submariner. Emma and Shaw (in a wheelchair) are visiting the island keeper. Emma explains that they will only inconvenience him once a year. He can live here the rest of the of the year. She asks if he has any requests. He expresses interest in some of the drink from their distillery. She promises to have some Port Genosha delivered to him. Emma tells Shaw to look – more can be accomplished with a lighter touch. He asks how she managed this. She explains she now owes Magneto a favor, referring to the building he built there. Bishop and Christian Frost admit they are impressed. Shinobi Shaw remarks that he saw her notes about the changes she and Sebastian are initiating. What of the Red Queen and her court? Emma explains the Red Queen will continue as a pirate and privateer, then muses aloud that Shinobi’s mutant gift is so little like his father’s and much more than their old colleague Leland’s… Shaw glares at her. Emma continues, Leland sacrificed himself against Killrod or something dreadful like that. When his number is drawn by the Five, she looks forward to introducing Shinobi to him… Jumbo Carnation and Saucier step out of the building. Jumbo asks Emma how many costume changes she wants and Saucier asks how many mouths she expects him to feed. Emma announces this will be their first state dinner. The first of many, she hopes. She warns Saucier that most of their guests will be human. Saucier scoffs about unsophisticated palates. Emma invites everyone inside. Bishop asks, since they are planning a state dinner, shouldn’t Kate be there? Emma explains she asked Kate to deliver invitations to a place where she already had personal business. In Madripoor Harbor, Kate and Lockheed are looking for the fisher family that helped him. They reach a shack, where two armed men in black threaten the family. She doesn’t know what’s going on but this seems a bit excessive, Kate announces. One of the men tries to rush her but runs through her as she phases. There’s always a dumb guy, but there isn’t always a smart one, she remarks. She walks up to the second man. Is he smart? He agrees and she orders him to collect his friend and leave. Kate enters the shack, where the girl is cradling Lockheed. Kate thanks them for helping Lockheed and hands them a satchel of money. She asks what’s going on with the rent-a-cops outside. The father explains the bankers that took over the government are trying to raze Lowtown to build more giant towers. The family and their friends have no idea where they will go. Kate replies, maybe they won’t have to go anywhere… Krakoa:Another round of Crucible: Silver Samurai introduces Callisto and asks if her kaishakunin is here. She is not, Callisto mumbles. Silver Samurai offers his own blade, but there are two other volunteers. He points to the Fenris siblings in the audience. Callisto mutters if those racists come down here, she’ll end up in the Hole, not Arbor Magna. Suddenly, lightning strikes close to her, as Storm lands. In the audience, Andrea Strucker mutters they have been so good. They haven’t killed anyone since Krakoa. Andreas angrily asks Masque what he is looking at. Two *%$§, the Morlock replies. Callisto thanks Storm and asks if she needs a blade. She has all she needs, Storm replies and tells her to come. Callisto rushes at her, blade drawn. Storm manages to block her strikes, then hits her and has lightning course through Cal’s body, stopping her heart. Callisto dies and Storm cradles her friend and foe. Soon, the Five resurrect Callisto. She stands at the beach the next morning, meeting this land for the first time with all her senses intact. Storm thinks to herself that Kate is safe. Their underground railroad is secure and Callisto is sorted. She yearns for change… Madripoor:Verendi House, the government. The four members plus Zhao discuss another attempt on the mutants when Kate Pryde phases in. Calling her “Kitty,” Emanuel Enduque chides her for trespassing. Kate pours herself a drink. Anything she can do to dissuade them from turning Lowtown into a mini Dubai? She asks. Not a damn thing, Zhao snaps. There were rumors she went to sea and didn’t return. She is so happy they were just rumors. She had to at least try this way, Kate replies as she gulps down her drink. She puts an envelope on the table. This is for them. Be seeing them. She leaves. Manuel nervously asks if they just got served. Is Emma Frost suing them? Much worse, Zhao replies. It’s a /&%# invitation… 