Not long ago:Callisto, former Morlock leader stands outside the White Palace.Of course Emma lives here, she opines. Hearing screams coming from inside, she rushes inside to find… nothing amiss, unless you count that Emma Frost is only wearing her underwear. With her is resurrected mutant fashion designer Jumbo Carnation. Emma tells Callisto that she and Jumbo have agreed to hold a Hellfire Gala, but neither of them knows yet what it is. She welcomes Callisto to Hellfire Bay, telling her she is early. She is two hours late, Cal corrects her. Undeterred, Emma continues that eye for detail is exactly why she needs her. She is using her sway to return the most important mutants first; she introduces Jumbo Carnation to her. Jumbo grabs Cal’s hand and assures her he is a big fan. It will be his honor to cut and sew for her. Callisto points out she hasn’t said yes yet, then wonders how Jumbo knows her. Was he down in the Morlock Tunnels? He explains he knows her from the season she walked in New York and Paris. Cal informs him her modeling days are over. Emma corrects: her modeling days are over when Emma says so. Jumbo offers Callisto a fitted white long coat and asks her to try it on. Emma explains she wants Callisto to be her ambassador to the mutants who don’t trust this world. Or Emma. Emma puts on a coat. There may be the odd occasion when she needs to threaten to cut someone. Hellfire Trading has accomplished much in a short time, but there will be difficult days ahead. She would like Callisto to be her White Knight. A new day has dawned. Their reign must be over. Arms crossed, Cal replies she knows some decent humans. Emma explains she was referring to the males of both species. Callisto chuckles, then draws her knife. Emma ignores her for years and now she wants to buy her? She cuts off the sleeves of the coat. Unamused, Emma replies that Krakoa is for all mutants and, if she wants to talk money, let’s start with that 10,000 euro suit she just shredded. Now it fits her, Cal replies as she puts on the jacket, which is now more reminiscent of her Morlock leader vest. She will try it on a trial basis, she announces. If she likes what she sees, she will stick around. Jumbo exclaims that her alteration makes the look perfect. He won’t deserve the credit this outfit will bring him. Callisto hands him her dagger, replying one gift deserves another. If he gets in trouble again, go for the eyes, she recommends. If he can’t do that, swing low for the groin. Don’t let anybody drop him again. Welcome back and thanks for the threads. Jumbo loves it and hugs her. Cal asks Emma what she wants. Emma stresses, it’s what Krakoa needs, and right now she needs a swift blade on Island M. Now:Callisto welcomes both the Marauders and Christian Frost on his submarine to Island M. Iceman asks Christian if he has thought about his mutant name. Christian suggests Bobby pick one and he will say yes. Bobby ices down and they kiss. Callisto tells Bishop he is late. He explains they ran into trouble in Madripoor and then diverted for a mutant refugee boat in trouble; didn’t the Red Queen tell her? Cal replies that Kate hasn’t been around, which concerns Bishop. When Storm also joins them, Cal throws a knife at her. Storm catches it and they hug afterwards. Pyro mutters they just whip knives at each other’s face. No wonder the Brotherhood never finished the X-Men. Bishop tells Pyro he needs him to do something for him. At the Verendi house in Madripoor, Kade Kilgore and Manuel Enduque listen in and watch thanks to the bugged Pyro. Bishop tells Pyro to take the Marauder and sail for Krakoa. He will return to Madripoor. Kade tells Manuel to make sure the Red Bishop is greeted accordingly… Soon, Kade shows the footage to the Russian ambassador Vollock, telling her that was for free. There will be a price for future intel, if she is interested. She is impressed, but asks how they managed to accomplish this. Wilhelmina Kensington, who is stroking a cat, replies that is a Verendi secret and offers the intel for the Russian tech that screws up mutant powers. She replies the first version of their tech needed an armor. The future version will fit into a sidearm. She will be in touch. Kade makes a V sign, announcing Verendi. Madripoor:Verendi armed guards are guarding the Krakoan gate. The mutants have cameras hidden and trained on the gates in hostile territory, so Bishop is aware of them. He reaches through the gate from the other side and drops a grenade on the Madripoor side. After it goes off, he attacks the men, warning he only needs one of them alive for questioning. That moment, Manuel Enduque attacks him with a knife. Manuel presses the attack, pointing out Bishop can’t kill him due to their laws. Bishop is astonished that Manuel knows about that, then head-butts him and takes him out. “Kill no man” doesn’t mean “+%&$ no man up” he adds. He searches Manuel and finds a memo about Gallagher Salvage recovering one of Verendi’s ships from deep international waters. Disguising himself as one of Verendi’s soldiers, he enters the ship. Rio Verde, Arizona:Callisto enters though a Krakoan gate. Masque is playing golf, surprised he loves this game so much. Cal assures him that Emma is on the level. Masque snarks that the X-Men have exchanged their mansion for a tropical island, and she wants him to applaud them because they give them an allowance? He swears when his ball doesn’t hit the hole. Cal points out the Morlocks picked this place and Emma picks up the tab. If he doesn’t like it, he can always go back to the tunnels again. She throws her knife, pushing the ball into the hole. She stresses that she wants this. How many hours did they waste sitting around, bitching in the dark about the good life the pretty ones led? And now the prettiest damn one is building something special and she’s not eating alone, is she? Masque asks if she doesn’t take offense at Kitty calling herself a “Marauder.” Kate was on the spot and reached for a name, Callisto replies. She blurted the one that hurt her bad. Let her have it. Krakoa, the Quiet Council:Well, that was quite an exciting vote, Emma Frost states wryly. With one missing – she looks at Kate’s empty seat – and one abstention. Sinister mock-shrugs. Shaw smirks. It is too bad their Red Queen doesn’t have time to properly manage all her responsibilities. Emma retorts that Kate let her know she was detained while doing the great work of getting their people home. Did she now? Shaw repeats smirking. Krakoa bless her. He leans back relaxed. Madrioor bay:A father and daughter fisher team hauls in their nets to find one dead-looking Lockheed. 