First Story :This main story reprints X-Men (1st series) #103, however there are two additional pages :The first additional scene shows Xavier at the hospital in New York, feeling Storm’s agony as she is tortured by Black Tom. He tries to summon Cyclops, but again sees the alien figure. He rages out at the figure, stating that he wants to be left alone, but actually it’s moira MacTaggert he is yelling at. Moira comforts him, as Xavier fears he is going mad.The other page is just an extension of Storm battling the castle blasters and Colossus getting thrown rocks at by Juggernaut.Second Story :Writer Phil Halloran is having a blockade. For over a week he has been unable to write anything useful and his editor keeps calling him to remind him of the deadline. Phil keeps staring at the white page in front of him, and finally has enough. He throws his typewriter of the desk, and wonders why he doesn’t care anymore. He sits in the darkness for some time, hoping that anything would change, but it doesn’t, so he leaves. He takes a walk through London and thinks of happier days, when words came to him like breathing. It didn’t matter where he was, as in his imagination he could go anywhere and write about it.Phil passes a newstand, the headline reads “Woman Killer Escapes“. Wandering around the city, Phil Halloran finds himself at GPO tower, the tallest building in London. Phil remembers that his parents had promised him to have a birthday dinner in the restaurant in the top of the tower, but unfortunately it was closed because of continued threats of terrorist bombing. Phil tries the door and finds it open, so he ventures inside. Usually he would obey the rules and not break the law, but he doesn’t care anymore. Philö explores the tower and wonders where the guards are. He checks the view acrtoss London from the former restaurant, but finds it’s not worth the anticipation. He finds another stairway, leading to the roof. He ventures near the edge and thinks about jumping off, the fantasy charcters he writes about can fly, and he has always wanted to try it himself.A voice from above warns him that he might fall off. It’s Storm, who is just flying by. She lands at the roof and they talk. She recognizes him as the famous writer whose stories she has only recently discovered, but Phil asks her to leave him alone. Ororo replies that she senses deep sadness within him and thinks it’s her responsibility from one human being to another to reach out and help. She explains that in her life she has seen death many times and also thought of giving in, but it’s better to fight and live and create and grow. The end will come quickly enough anyway, so why hurry it along. Halloran asks what to do when one no longer can create and grow, and Storm takes Phil into the air.At first he screams and shouts, but when he gets used to it, he enjoys floating high above London. He wonders why they aren’t freezing as it’s winter, and Storm explains that she has complete control over the elements and that she calls up warm winds. However for all her power she can only show the beauty of nature first hand, but she can’t describe it with words – that is Phil’s gift. As they land again on the tower, Phil says that he can’t write anymore, so he lost his gift. Ororo suggests that he finds something else to do, but Phil compares it to Ororo having taken away her powers. Could she truly live a normal life and deal with the loss ?As she doesn’t respond, Phil looks around and finds her lying on the ground, a man in a guard’s uniform standing over here. He knocked her down with a riot stick. Phil sees how poorly the uniform fits, and remembering the news stories he realizes that this is the serial killer that is on the loose. The killer says that he is right, but why should he care as he was about to kill himself. They should both mind their own business and he drags Storm inside. Phil is left behind. He finds Storm’s tiara with blood on it, and wonders what to do. She stopped by because of him, but if he tries to help he might get killed , yet isn’t that what he wants ? If he saves her, Storm will stop him from commiting suicide.Phil makes his choice and goes after them. He finds the killer about to do some nasty things to Ororo and fights with him, though is loosing. Ororo comes around and barely conscious she manages to manifest a lightning. Then she blows the killer into a wall. Phil tells her to rest as she has a concussion. He will tie up the killer and call the police and an ambulance. Weakly Ororo asks what he will do afterwards, and he says it’s his life and he can do with it what he pleases. She reminds him that while he lives there is always hope, always possibilities. Phil Halloran walks away still unsure which choice he will make. 