First Story :This main story reprints X-Men (1st series) #96.However there are two additional pages, set shortly after Moira’s arrival.Kurt is surprised to find Ororo swimming nude in the pool. Logan, Piotr and Sean all get a look at Ororo, before Professor X reminds her to be discreet via astral projection.In Xavier‘s study, he and Moira have a conversation, talking about their past relationship.Second Story :Nightcrawler and Wolverine are training outside in the woods instead of the Danger Room. Kurt teleports randomly and uses his acrobatic skills to toss Logan around, but finally Wolverine gets a sense of Nightcrawler’s timing and lands a blow where he predicts Kurt’s next teleport. He then holds his claws into Kurt’s face and has defeated him. He retracts the claws, and Kurt wants to go inside to get the round of beer they fought over, but Logan says that he is in the mood for having it in a bar.Kurt is not so happy about it, but then fulls a device from his costume - the so called image inducer. He explains to Logan that Xavier organized it for him from Tony Stark. It will holographically disguise Kurt and make him look normal. To demostrate, he appears as Xavier, Ororo and Logan himself, before choosing the looks of an average male. Logan thinks that he doesn‘t have to be ashamed of his true looks and should not hide, but Kurt knows that his appearance might terrorize the local citizens.Later, the two guys have had a few beers at Haary’s Hideout, the pub near the Xavier Estate. Kurt tells Logan about his circus life, and how a new owner wanted Kurt to star on a freakshow. Logan agains accuses his teammate of being ashamed of his looks, and that mutants can never be accepted if they hide behind masks and facades. He dares Nightcrawler to switch off the image inducer and walk down the main street as his true self. Kurt is unsure, the day that Xavier recruited him, he was baout to get killed by a mob, yet they thought him to be a murderer, the people of Salen Center would have no reason to do so. Finally he switches to device off. Harry comes to the table, serving another round of beer and looks Kurt straight in the face, though shows no reaction. Kurt doesn’t believe it. As they leave, a customer recognizes that he has a tail, and Harry commets that it’s a very handsome one.Outside Kurt thinks that Harry as an old acquaintance of Xavier might know about mnutants, but what about the rest of the people. He walks down the street, and naturally people stare, though nobody shows any hostile reaction. The general assumption is that he is an actor with very good make-up. Kurt helps a woman with her bags and she admires his smile, and two boys wanting to watch the Star Wars Movie think that he is a real live alien.Then he meets some bullies, who make fun of him. They recognize the accemnt as german and mock him with mentioning Kraut (= cabbage) and Arnold Schwarzenegger (who is from austria !), and one of them wants to pull Kurt’s mask off, to discover that it is none, but a real face. The guy wants to beat up Nightcrawler for whatever strange thing he is, but Logan jumps in between and popps his claws. Kurt tells Logan that they aren’t worth it, and teleports away with him. On a nearby roof they watch the bullies leave. Kurt thanks Logan for the dare, he can never repay him for the experiences of this afternoon. 