Earlier in Japan, night…  It was really very simple. Adamantium claws, heightened instincts, and no great love of rich guys pushing dope on poor people made it more so. Takeshi Kishimoto was dirty. Drugs were his main deal but, if he could turn a buck fronting for something illegal, he was into it. Normally, this kind of stuff, Wolverine deals with… directly. But where Takeshi was from, the shame of being prosecuted and jailed in an official capacity was something far worse. All Logan needed was proof.  So, after smashing Takeshi’s window in, Logan broke into the guy’s compound, and found enough dirt to bury all the bodies left in his wake. One good thing about psychotic control freaks… they keep fantastic records. Like Logan said: simple. Just in and out…  However, Logan wasn’t alone in the compound that night. He heard someone bathing. Logan went to check it out, and found a beautiful, naked woman in the showers. In Japanese, she told Logan to “come.”  Now…  Wolverine sits alone in the dark. The interrogator asks what happened next, but Logan just says that’s another story. The interrogator understands and doesn’t even care to hear it. So, to reiterate: if Mr. Parker’s story is to be believed, Wolverine was emaciated, hideously tortured and surrounded by what sounds like an entire army. Add to this testimony that the man in charge of said army was once jailed on Wolverine’s account. It all sounds awful grim. “Welcome to my world,” Wolverine coldly remarks. The interrogator wants to know… whatever did they do next?  Earlier, Japan, after Spider-Man rescued Wolverine…  A furious Wolverine attacks the soldiers, killing some of them with his claws.  Now…  Logan answers the question that he did what he does best. Peter cuts in, smirking that what Logan does isn’t nice. By which, he means he killed a whole bunch of people before Peter could even stop him. And he swears, if he ever hears Logan say that again… Logan recalls that Peter didn’t mind his methods when they were saving his butt. Peter and Logan call each other names, but the interrogator points the two’s attention to the half full hourglass, reminding them they have no time to bicker. The person wants to know what further happened in Japan.  Earlier, Japan…  Spider-Man’s spider fluids are still empty, and he panics as he’s constantly getting shot at and can’t defend himself now. And he also misses buildings to stick on. And them being made out of steel. He pulls some vines off some trees, sticks them into his web-shooters and voila… the Amazing Spider-Man is back! He webslings across some trees and rejoins the battle. Or not. He notices a still injured Wolverine sitting on the ground, trying to recover from his wounds.  Peter lands next to Logan, asking if he’s okay. Logan says he is but Peter disagrees, because he literally has bullet holes into his chest. Logan’s wounds start to heal and the bullets drop out of his chest once that is done. Peter thinks he’s going to be sick because of it. Suddenly, his spider-sense goes off. Both Peter and Logan look up and see a helicopter flying above them. Out of the copter’s door comes a soldier, who opens fire on the two.   Wolverine and Peter go hide behind some trees and Peter asks what Logan did that could have pissed them off so much. Logan mentions it involves Takeshi’s daughter. Peter understands, but is a bit surprised all this is about a girl. Logan remarks it’s always about a girl. But that was fifteen to twenty years ago, maybe twelve with good behavior. Logan’s got to handle it to Takeshi, though. The little man knows how to carry a grudge. He tells Peter to use his webs.  Peter hates the idea, because he saw the episode where Uncle Jesse takes on DJ’s entire fifth class in a tug-of-war to impress his girlfriend of the weekend, and it doesn’t end well. But, he does as told and fires a web at the copter, which sticks on it. Logan grabs the end of the web and as the helicopter flies higher, so does Logan. However, Peter is left below.  In the helicopter, Takeshi freaks out when he sees Wolverine following them and shouts he wants Logan dead. He orders a soldier to shoot at him, but the poor guy is scared to death. A furious Takeshi in turn throws the soldier out of the helicopter and takes his gun, and starts shooting at Logan. However, he isn’t hit once and climbs aboard. In Japanese, Logan wants Takeshi to answer him a question: what size does he wear? He snikts out his claws.  Below…  Peter, left alone in the dark jungle, tries to make sense out of all this. This coming from a guy wearing pajamas in Japan and surrounded by a hundred dead bodies. He tries to figure out what Reed Richards would do in a situation like this. Because Peter would know what he would do if he were in those stretchy shoes. And it involves Sue Storm and Richards’ very specific abilities and loads of dairy products. He finds a broken camera on the ground and picks it up.  On that moment, Wolverine appears behind him, wearing Takeshi’s clothes. Peter is so glad Logan managed to find something to wear, and he specifically likes the sweater. “Funny,” Logan smirks, especially coming from a guy wearing underoos. “But enough with the wit,” Peter says. Now, the question he asked earlier, in addition to being rhetorical, wasn’t about the camera. It was about a smaller thing attached to it. Logan asks what the little green thing is.  Peter explains it’s a transmitter. He’s guessing satellite but that isn’t exactly his era of expertise. Bottom line, Takeshi wasn’t having his Kodak moment alone. He was sharing the magic. Logan’s torture wasn’t just being recorded… the signal was being bounced elsewhere. Logan explains Takeshi was above all the other business men. He never cut one deal where he could cut five. “Was,” Peter notices Wolverine saying, which Logan confirms. Peter believes that, in that case, the chip is all they’ve got. He imagines Logan would like to find whoever it is on the receiving end of the signal and maybe have a little talk with them. “Something like that,” Logan adds. Peter doesn’t blame him. But it’s going to happen on only one condition… no more killing.  Logan stares in disbelief at Peter. But he’s serious. None of the killing. Logan smiles that since he doesn’t tell Peter how to do his job… Peter interrupts, joking he doesn’t have to listen to Logan rationalize. He already gets enough of that in his life. But it’s usually from the guys he catches, not those he works with. So he wants Logan to do them both a favor and save it. If Logan wants in on this thing, he’ll have to do it his way. He can either take it, or leave it. Peter offers his hand to Logan, waiting for him to accept.  Now…  Logan grins that he had his fingers crossed. Peter asks Logan if he just tried to be funny. “No,” Logan answers… he did. “Oh,” Peter sighs. The interrogator wants to get this straight. They were stranded in the middle of nowhere. No food, no water. No way of knowing exactly where they were, or how far from civilization. Both Peter and Logan confirm it. In that case, the questioner wants to know how they got back.  Twenty minutes later…  Peter finishes his long explanation of how they got back: “and so I said, “That can’t possibly be the going price for a llama in such are pressed market.” And the guy was all smug to them and stuff which is when his partner (and Peter uses the term loosely) next to him got involved in the negotiation process. And before they knew it, they were looking at one reasonable priced llama. And Peter asks the interrogator if he knew llamas could swim, because he and Logan didn’t until…  The interrogator asks a rambling Peter to stop, and asks Wolverine if any of this is even true. Logan wishes he could say no to that. So, Peter says, to make a long story short, they made their way to a thriving metropolis, by which he means the place had a phone.  Earlier, the Baxter Building, NYC…  Sue interrupts Reed, who was working on an experiment that includes a tank filled with some sort of green fluid. She has a call for him on the private line. And a collect call as well. Reed wonders who it would be at this hour. That’s the thing, Sue says, as their caller won’t say his name. Reed doesn’t understand. Sue explains the guy said Reed gave him the number after he pulled Dr. Doom’s tin-can butt off him on top of the GW Bridge last summer. That’s a direct quote, Sue is saying. Reed agrees to take the call. Sue tells the caller that Reed will be with him in a minute, and concludes the call by saying she doesn’t keep any Cool Whip in the fridge.  Three minutes later, in some Japanese village…  Peter thanks Reed for the help and jokes that, whatever Sue tells Reed later, he didn’t say it. He hangs up, and Logan jokes that was a very mature thing of Peter to say. Peter smirks he is what he is. He mentions Reed traced the feed using the transmitter’s serial number somehow. It was being bounced via satellite to a civilian addressed in Paris. And Peter has that address now. Logan is impressed, though he has one question. He asks Peter if he’ll go to Paris looking the way he does now, wearing a big shirt and a wooden hat over his costume. He asks because nobody will be fooled that way.  Peter won’t go like this. He pulls off his mask, and Logan is surprised by this move. They look at each other in silence. Finally, Peter introduces himself and reveals his true name to Wolverine. After thinking it over, Logan does the same thing. He then adds that they’d better get a move on it, because there’s a storm coming.  Now…  Peter wants to tell the interrogator what that storm was made of, but the person says that won’t be necessary. What will be is for them to explain what they uncovered in Paris. And please, the person begs, they need to be brief. Peter jokes that brief is Wolverine’s department. The interrogator allows Wolverine to go for it. Wolverine tells the interrogator that his real name is Logan and can be called that way. And Paris was, in one word… crap.  Earlier, Paris…  While Spider-Man webslings away, Wolverine gets hit by a speeding car… 