Hardball recalls the circumstances that led to him gaining his powers, his time with the Initiative, and his relationship with Komodo. But right now, he stands in the Nevada desert alongside Komodo, Nonstop, Telemetry, Rage and Debrii, awaiting the Juggernaut who is on a collision course with Las Vegas. Nonstop is the first to engage the Juggernaut. Darting about him, she leaps over a large crevice, which the Juggernaut topples down into. But it doesn't hold him for long, as he bursts from the ground and sets his sights back on the young heroes. Hardball and his team do their best against the powerful Juggernaut, but they barely slow him down. Juggernaut then leaps away from them, closing in on Las Vegas. Thor Girl and Cloud-9 come to a stop in Philadelphia after taking down Quicksand. Thor Girl knows that Prodigy will be mad at her for leaving her cell, and is soon confronted by Ms America and the rest of the Liberteens. Ms America tells both Cloud-9 and Thor Girl that they are wanted for questioning. Cloud-9 is angry with her for wasting time with them instead of helping innocent people. Thor Girl knocks Ms America over, and she and Cloud-9 proceed to escape. Ms America tells her team not to pursue them, and instead to get back to helping stop the monsters who killed Captain America. Below Las Vegas, a reporter and a camera man move close to some tunnels under the road, where Hardball and the others are now battling the Juggernaut, while some innocent civilians are down in the tunnels, too. Some of the heroes start to evacuate what civilians they can, and Nonstop gets annoyed when the reporter starts to try and interview her. The rest of the civilians refuse to leave, though – they are homeless and claim that this is the only place that keeps them safe. Hardball announces that everyone has to get clear, as he increases his energy, preparing to let it loose against the Juggernaut. The heroes have to leave the civilians inside the tunnel as Hardball releases his power – all recorded by the cameraman and streamed live on televisions around the country. Firestar, Ultra Girl and Frog-Man see this happen, until their television goes blank. The Liberteens watch the scene unfold in awe, while Thor Girl and Cloud-9 are in shock. In the Nevada desert, the Juggernaut emerges from the ground, clear of Las Vegas, he turns and runs, leaving a city in ruins, and a hand sticking out of the rubble. Meanwhile, in Wisconsin, Gravity receives a phone call from Prodigy, who requests that he return to active duty. Gravity tells Prodigy that he can't go back out there. Problems increase for Prodigy as the two federal agents who came to speak to the imprisoned Thor Girl have woken in Thor Girl's cell after she vanished. Prodigy demands to know why they are here, but they refuse to talk to him, and warn him to let them free – but he leaves them in the cell. 