Former island headquarters of Hydra Using a tracking device found on one of Armitage’s shipping containers Domino went about tracing the signal back to its origin, hoping to discover Armitage’s whereabouts. Of course, there was a chance that signal would be picked up and alert Armitage to their plans, with all the absconded technology at his disposal, but Dom was hoping her luck would prevail in this case. Considering their X-jet was shot down upon arrival and at least a dozen goons were waiting for them on the ground, it appears her luck was not with her this time. She, of course, blames it on Daredevil, a world-class jinx. Despite Armitage’s well-equipped lackeys Domino and Daredevil manage to hold their own. Daredevil takes down a winged fellow and grabs a nearby log to block a couple of circular saw blades from slicing into the back of Domino’s neck. “Heads up partner,” Daredevil warns, to which Domino thanks him, but not before reminding him to stop calling her “partner.” She then backflips over, while Daredevil ducks, another hoodlum, this one with Constrictor like whips attached at the wrists. inside Armitage’s HQ The man himself, Armitage, watches the battle unfold from a large video monitor. He can’t help but wonder if those two are brave, or just stupid charging onto this island like this. He can’t believe the timing either. He was about to be done with the whole operation, just one more sale to be made. Armitage stares at his hands, asking himself if the blood of these heroes will make any difference after all these years. He doesn’t think his hands will ever come clean after all he’s done. The thought takes him back through the years, to a particular moment when he was pushing his daughter, Madison, on the swing set. She wanted to go higher and he was more than willing. He wonders if that was the last time his hands did something good. Flash forward a bit in time and the swing is empty. Instead, Madison is in the ICU with Armitage sitting in a chair in front of her hospital bed, his head hanging in his hands. This thought brings Armitage back to the present. He chooses to no longer do this in his daughter’s name, to soil her memory. He takes it all upon himself. He is intent on seeing it through to the end and asks God’s help for any who would stand in his way. outside Using some sort of scanner Domino picks up a nearby hangar. She thinks it will give them access to the interior of the base. Daredevil asks her thoughts on Armitage, is he ex-Hydra, he asks. Dom’ doesn’t disagree, but thinks the operation seems a little disorganized to be coming from Hydra or A.I.M. Just then Daredevil picks something up on his radar. A group of unmanned Goblin Gliders are heading straight for them. Domino starts shooting at them with her pistol, questioning how Armitage could have gotten his hands on these babies. They both agree Osborn wouldn’t have been slumming in one of those casinos. As a missile explodes into a nearby tree, Daredevil wonders whether Armitage was ex-H.A.M.M.E.R. The missile-damaged tree lost a large chunk of its trunk. It starts with a creak and soon the tree begins tipping over, gaining momentum. Domino barely avoids the crash, but the last glider is not so lucky. It is smashed to pieces as it was trailing Domino. With the fight over, at least for the time being, Daredevil steps out into the open and surveys the tree damage. “Wow, that was lucky,” he states at the smoky, ruined glider. Domino tells him the joke is wearing thin. This puts Murdock into serious mode and he asks Dom’ why she’s working alone, so far as he knew they always worked as a team… aside from Wolverine. They begin their trek toward the hangar as Domino begins to answer him. She admits she’s not sure if she “fits” in with the X-Men. This catches Daredevil by surprise. He thought pretty much everyone fit in with the X-Men. He then tells her not to worry about “opening up” to him as his other super-power is confidentiality. They reach the hangar at this point and Domino takes off the security panel below the access grid and beings fiddling with the wires. She continues to discuss her problems with the X-Men, mainly that she feels more like a cop, or even a glorified chauffeur, than an X-Men. Daredevil reasons that working by herself makes her feel more like a super hero. Domino concedes the point and then asks Daredevil, a usual solo act, why he joined up with the Avengers. DD has no problem admitting he feels lonely sometimes, and being part of a team reminds him that he’s not, and that he has friends who have his back. Sensing the mood has been made too serious Domino tells him he’s pretty sappy for a guy dressed up like the devil. That’s when he switches it back to sarcasm and adds the Avengers have a great medical plan… he gets hit a lot. Finally, all the wire splicing pays off. The hangar door opens with a loud RRRUUUUMBLE. There’s more gear inside including a M.O.D.O.K. and a trio of Doombots. Daredevil wonders if any of this stuff still works, likening it to a really bad episode of “Hoarders.” And right on cue the robots spring to life. It’s obvious these things aren’t in mint condition, but fighting a Doombot is no walk in the park, let alone fighting three and a M.O.D.O.K. He believes Doom to be the Michael Jordan of designing killing machines and not only are they deadly, but they still have that annoying third-person dialogue. “Kneel before Doom!” one cries out before letting loose with an energy blast from its hand, requiring Daredevil to duck to the ground and actually kneel. While DD gets a workout with the Dooms Domino is busy with M.O.D.O.K. She’s managed to get herself on that back of the over-sized dome sending M.O.D.O.K. reeling through the hangar. Daredevil tries analyzing her moves again, but can’t. He believes it’s because her probability manipulation puts her in a state of “flux.” She’d make a tough opponent for him, he reasons, and is glad she’s on his side. Then Daredevil puts one of the Doombots in a headlock and with one swift motion rips its head off. He whips it at another ‘bots head with a SMASH. Both Doombots are done leaving him only one to contend with. Nearby, Domino is ripping wires and circuit boards out of the back of the M.O.D.O.K. It cries out in despair, but that doesn’t stop her from yanking. Eventually she pulls one that counts and M.O.D.O.K. jerks forward, spouting out binary. Domino is taken along for the ride and crashes into the wall along with it. The Daredevil/Doombot bout is all hand to hand. DD gets the ‘bot by the wrist and manages to flip it over his head and into the wall. Once it’s on the ground on its back Daredevil stomps it repeatedly and it crunches with each impact. The fight with M.O.D.O.K. busted up a nearby crate. When Domino composes herself she starts digging inside looking for something useful. She pulls out a sword and is admiring it when Armitage finally makes his appearance. Armitage tells both heroes to put their hands on their heads, the rifle in his hands trained on them. He tells them they destroyed a lot of expensive equipment and he doesn’t want to damage anymore of his inventory. Domino presumes he’s Armitage and he agrees that’s what some people call him, but tells her he once fought on the same side of the law as she did. That’s when it finally comes together. “You’re S.H.I.E.L.D.,” she declares. Ex-S.H.I.E.L.D., he corrects her. She asks what he is now, offering arms dealer and terrorist as two of his choices. He takes offense to the word “terrorist” saying it gets thrown around a lot these days. Armitage says he’s just a man who caught a bad break and decided to take care of his responsibilities. Armitage talks about his past with S.H.I.E.L.D. and how he put his life on the line every day without question and had a loving family back home. That was, until, a super hero battle destroyed his neighborhood and his wife was killed, his daughter critically injured. He had given everything to protect the city and he couldn’t protect his own daughter, whom doctors said couldn’t be saved. Domino isn’t the least bit moved by Armitage’s story. She calls him unoriginal. Daredevil acts more sympathetic and understanding, but tells him he’s going about it the wrong way. Armitage tells Daredevil to stuff his pity, that when one’s daughter is on the line you make sacrifices. He wouldn’t take the doctors at their word and went to more… radical men, and paid them himself. In order to raise the funds he started off small, selling tech to a low-level black market connection.  As the medical bills escalated, more surgeries being required, Armitage used his connections at S.H.I.E.L.D. to make more and more black market sales. Eventually, the lines blurred and he did some things he didn’t intend to, but when his daughter finally succumbed to her injuries there was no reason to turn back. Finished with his backstory, Armitage raises his rifle again and prepares to fire. Daredevil whips his baton forward and knocks the weapon out of Armitage’s hands. Domino moves in with her sword, but isn’t quick enough to stop the arms dealer from pressing a red button on his wrist. Seemingly out of nowhere a Super-Adaptoid appears. Without hesitation its scythe-hand swipes sideways at its opponents. Domino tells DD to keep it busy while she goes after Armitage. She takes off and ol’ hornhead is stuck dodging and diving from the arcing blade. Barely avoiding a downward strike, Daredevil is on his rear. The blade is momentarily stuck in the floor and Daredevil is able to discern its weak point. With one kick the blade is snapped off at the hilt. Meanwhile, Domino is chasing Armitage over a catwalk. He’s fast, but Dom’s faster. She clamps down on his shoulder with one hand and stops him. That’s when the brawl begins. Domino ducks a left-handed jab and returns the favor with a crushing right. Blood spittle goes flying from Armitage’s mouth. Armitage drops to one knee. It’s as if the punch to the head knocked some sense into him. He holds his head with one hand and suddenly realizes how far he’s taken this thing. He just wanted to save his daughter; he never wanted any of this. Domino grabs him by the collar and starts dragging him back. When Domino returns to the warehouse entrance she finds Daredevil still going toe to toe with the Adaptoid. She grabs her sword from earlier and hurls it like a javelin. It enters through the back of the Super-Adaptoid’s head. It’s a billion-to-one shot and she makes it. Daredevil thanks his “partner” for the save as he pulls the sword out of the robot’s head. Domino slaps handcuffs on Armitage and asks DD if he really sympathizes with the man. Scratching his head, Daredevil says he does, and asks if she’s never operated in the gray area before. Dom admits the past few months have put her into a more “black and white” perspective. Daredevil suggests she adjusts it a bit and offers to put a word in with the Avengers if she doesn’t feel like the X-Men are working out. Domino thinks she may just take a little break from all of it and enjoy some time to herself. Smiling, Murdock offers up his friend’s beach house in Costa Rica for them to use. “In your dreams, Red,” she replies, shooting him down. 