(present / flashbacks simultanously) The Ryking hospital was founded by Alexander Ryking and used to house the insane super powered elite. Two scenes are shown one of the past with Carter Ryking being sedated by four nurses. The other scene shows the present as Carter goes out of control after watching the CNN’s news report on his father’s (Alexander Ryking) death the same four nurses are shown sedating him. (present) Meanwhile at Xavier’s Institute Gambit and Rogue discuss recent events with Gambits wife Belladonna and Rogues feelings on Longshots recent appearance. The Beast is helping Betsy into a car to take her to the airport so she can travel to see her brother (Captain Britain) in England. From his room, Cyclops watches Betsy wondering about his new feelings for both Betsy and Jean. As Cyclops leaves to meet Xavier in the control room of the Danger Room he drops Jeans picture to the floor shattering the glass. Cyclops and Xavier watch Jubilee training in a Danger Room simulation against the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants IV. Wolverine busts in demanding Xavier end the simulation to talk to him about why Xavier lied to him about knowing something about Wolverine’s past. Xavier scolds Wolverine for going through his personal files and Wolverine and Xavier leave to talk in Xavier’s study. As Carter Ryking is waking up at Ryking hospital he goes out of control killing his four nurses and vowing to find out what his father had done to him; he leaves to visit his fathers funeral. In Xavier’s study Wolverine apologizes for going through Xavier’s files and Xavier explains of what he knows about the file. Xavier says the file is dated 1964 and explains things that went on at his father’s work facility at Almagordo Nuclear Research Facility. It says that it was really a front for mutant research and Xavier claims he doesn’t believe any of it. Wolverine says that it “stinks of garbage” of his past as Xavier sees the report on television of Alexander Ryking’s death. Xavier decides to go to the funeral to see if he can find things out there. (present / flashbacks simultanously) Xavier shows up at the funeral complaining to himself of having to use his normal manual wheelchair instead of his Shiar built hover chair. While he’s looking over Alexander Rykings tombstone he remembers part of his past when he last saw Alexander when Xavier was only nine years old, shortly after his father died. Xavier accidentally mindlinks with Carter Ryking who is observing Xavier from the sky. Carter kills three security guards and tells Xavier he was the one to send him the file on Almagordo and asks Xavier to join him in the search to find out about their pasts. Xavier agrees to go with Carter, but only to protect more innocents from being hurt. (present) Back at Xavier’s Institute Val Coopeer tells the X-Men (Blue) of Xavier’s kidnapping and Wolverine says he knows where they went and the team goes off to the abandoned Alamogordo plant to rescue Xavier. 