Egypt:An underground temple of Clan Akkaba:Looking at one of the murals, Iceman wonders if those people can see the future. Nightcrawler replies that nothing surprises him anymore. They hear a weak familiar voice calling for Kurt. They recognize it as Colossus, pleading for help. Kurt runs to toward the voice, despite Bobby’s warning. Colossus grabs Kurt’s skull and smashes him to the ground, mocking that his faith always was his greatest weakness. Iceman tries an iceblast but is hit by Colossus, who tells him that he is out of his league. Colossus is about to step on Kurt’s head, announcing he would prefer this not to be him but he has no choice. Elsewhere:An other-dimensional London in ruins:Possessed by the being called Spectra, Storm has just blasted Magik. Her teammate Jack Craw urges her to do it again. Magik casts a spell and orders Spectra to get out of her friend’s body. Spectra replies she can see why the World-Eater was drawn to Magik. Her soul is black! Wrong answer! Magik replies and blasts her right out of Storm. Jack Craw calls her a saucy little minx. The rest of his group, Enoch and Anne Tenna, attack. While defending herself, Storm tries to reason with them that they are looking for a lost child. They know nothing of this World-Eater. Anne Tenna accuses her of lying. They are both the World-Eater’s worms! It’s scum like them who tore the Lattice apart in the first place! Battling Enoch, Magik asks if this place is the Lattice. He orders her to be quiet. The poison of the World-Eater seeps form her lips! Storm dodges Anne Tenna’s blast, while she warns that, the more they speak, the easier for the World-Eater to get his hooks into them. Storm joins Illyana and asks if she senses Sapna in this world. Magik replies that her trail goes through the next portal but is fading fast. If they don’t get out of here and follow, she will lose her trail altogether. Storm creates a localized hurricane to blow their foes away, then flies the two of them to the next portal. X-Haven:Forge’s workshop:From his cage, Apocalypse asks Forge why he is doing this. Forge orders him to shut up. Apocalypse continues, why does he hide here, doing all the grunt work while the others whisk off into adventure? Forge repeats his command. He is thinking. Apocalypse laughs that has always been his curse. Lost in his head while the world keeps spinning around him. Forge gives an order to Cerebra. Apocalypse continues that they don’t respect Forge. They use him. He is nothing more than their robot. Forge stares at him. Apocalypse continues. He can be so much more. His mind is a greater power than any of theirs, yet they keep him down here, doing their dirty work. Join him and he will make him a king… a god! There is no problem they cannot solve together, not even Ororo Munroe… Forge asks Cerebra to open the cell then enters it. Apocalypse asks him to free him and in turn he will free Forge. Instead, Forge tapes Apocalypse’s mouth shut with tape and then returns to work. Egypt:Nightcrawler teleports onto Colossus’ back and announces he still has faith the real him is inside him. Colossus replies, he will always be disappointed and throws him towards Iceman. But Nightcrawler teleports back at the last moment and urges him to fight! Apocalypse is old and infirm! Akkaba is nothing! Colossus tries to hit him but Nightcrawler teleports to the other side and continues. Forge is working on a way to revert the transformation. Come back to X-Haven! Finally, Colossus grabs him and manages to throw him against Iceman. X-Haven is doomed, and so are they! Iceman groans that bamfing made him madder. Kurt agrees and suggests Plan B. Which consists of Anole, Glob Herman and Martha Johansson breaking through the roof and attacking Colossus. X-Haven:Logan sits outside the mansion and drinks a beer. Jean joins him. He almost didn’t hear her coming. She should have been a ninja. She is a mind ninja, she replies as she sits down. As they look at the vistas of Limbo, she muses it’s almost pretty… if you forget it’s full of demons and stuff. Logan agrees but he has a bad feeling. Something is coming. He’s worried about her, Jean figures. Who? he asks. Rhymes with ‘Form,’ she teases. Storm can take care of herself, is the gruff reply. Jean points out that doesn’t help. He orders her not to mind-ninja him. Jean laughs, it’s okay to have feelings for her. Who wouldn’t? She’s Storm! Ain’t gonna happen, he replies. Why not? Jean presses, believing Storm feels the same. He reminds her that the last time he loved a woman he watched her die. No way he is ever gonna go through that again. He gets up to leave and suggests she get some sleep. He has a feeling they’ll need it. Elsewhere:Storm and Magik land in a field full of giant skeletons. Magik announces she believes Sapna is here. Her trail is still fresh. Magik marvels at the size of the corpses. Storm recalls that their foes called the worlds they visited the Lattice. Does that mean anything to her? Illyana admits she has never heard of it or this World-Eater before. The fact that Sapna could find all this so soon after developing her powers is incredible. They enter through a giant skull’s eyehole, using Illyana’s Soulsword as illumination. She senses something in there. They find a fire that’s still fresh. When Storm warns Illyana of a potential trap, lllyana snaps at her, then apologizes for her attitude. It’s just Piotr… and now Sapna… Storm hears something. It’s Sapna. She runs towards them and hugs Illyana. She was all alone in the dark! Illyana apologizes. Sapna continues that’s alright. He came and kept her company. Now she’s not scared anymore. She begins to smile nastily and her eyes glow. She blasts Illyana telling her she is so glad she came – like he said. She blast Storm next telling her they don’t need her. But they need this. She grabs Magik’s Soulsword. Behind her, a tentacle begins rises as Sapna opens a portal. She apologizes to Illyana but she would stand in the way of what they have to do next. But she’ll say ‘hi’ to everyone in Limbo for her. She steps through the portal and announces Illyana is going to have to stay here forever… 