The X-Men stare in disbelief as Mr. Sinister has revealed to them a Cyclops mutated by the Terrigen Mists. Jean Grey tries to read his mind, then reveals that thing isn’t Scott. Logan unsheathes his claws. Good enough for him. He tries to attack but “Cyclops” blasts him through the ceiling into the Manhattan street. Sinister rants that he is trying to save them. Storm retorts that is not Scott Summers. Of course not, he replies. It is so much more! He used Cyclops’ genetic material and combined it with Inhuman DNA. He took the best of them and made him better! As Storm and Iceman try to contain “Cyclops,” Storm remarks all he has done is create another poor, scared monster. The faux-Cyclops’ blast ricochets off of one of the icewalls and hits Jean in the back. “Cyclops” groans and further mutates, causing Sinister to speculate that even on a genetic level the Inhuman DNA is dominant, taking over. Perhaps there is no saving their species after all. Perhaps a broken back will shut him up, Colossus suggests as he hits Sinister from behind. While Storm helps up Jean, the Cyclops hybrid escapes through the hole onto the street. Storm asks Colossus to give chase but he retorts he must take care of his sister. Storm, Jean and Iceman fly upward and outside, where the hybrid Cyclops is creating havoc. Storm orders Iceman to contain it and then see to the wounded. After everything Scott did, they can’t let this thing hurt anyone. Jean cannot sense any mind in him to shut down. Tossing lightning at the hybrid, Storm orders her to see to Logan. Iceman has to handle a civilian being trapped under a bus. Downstairs, Illyana and Colossus watch as Sinister reattaches his head to a new body. He remarks that he prepared for this. It was inevitable they would come and, after all, things get destroyed when the X-Men are around. He warns Colossus this body is more durable. Getting ready to fight, Colossus retorts he will break it all the same. Upstairs, Jean contacts the badly injured Logan. He tells her his healing factor is slower but still works. He asks her to help with the pain though. He needs to get back into the fight. Iceman can’t lift the bus. He tells the civilian to hold on. His buddy Pete will… The man asks him not to leave. Bobby concentrates to create an ice giant, which manages to lift the bus. He is shocked to see the young man’s lower half is reptile-like. The man explains he is an Inhuman. Iceman asks if he can stand. Is he okay? The young man thinks so. He didn’t want to say anything before. He was afraid Iceman wouldn’t help him. Of course he would have, Iceman replies. He’s an X-Man. Storm tries to reach the Cyclops hybrid. Logan attacks, telling her that thing ain’t human, Inhuman or mutant. He slashes at him but now energy also blasts forth from the hybrid’s torso. Logan realizes maybe he shouldn’t have done that. You think? Jean remarks. Down below, Colossus hits Sinister, telling him he can grow as many bodies as he wants, he will keep breaking them until he stomps out what pathetic withered soul he has left. Sinister mocks him as a simple man. He hits and breaks. But Sinister is trying to build something here. He goes for Colossus throat. How can he improve mutants unless he kills a few? Death is an inevitable stage of growth. Cyclops died but his DNA gave Sinister the hybrid. And even if his creation fails, he’s already learned so much. He’s learned that mutantkind is a lost cause… Up on the streets, Storm fears the hybrid is going to explode. She orders Jean to lift it away from civilians. Jean struggles to contain all the energy and Storm uses her winds to lift him high up. Downstairs, Sinister overwhelms Colossus, telling him they are all fossils. They can hit back all they want, but these are just the death throes of their species -- the outcome is inevitable! A moment later, he is hit and decapitated by a sword, courtesy of Magik who tells him he is wrong. They are the first! No one will kill them. Not him. Not the Inhumans. They are the children of Xavier and together there is nothing they cannot do. The Cyclops hybrid detonates in the sky. After assuring his sister is all right, Piotr turns to Kurt, who announces God’s judgment is near. He will come and then none of this will matter. However, finally he recognizes Piotr, who promises to help him. They join the others topside. Jean is worried about the reporters and suggests they leave but Storm has another idea and asks Bobby to give them a stage. From atop of mount of ice, Storm addresses the people and introduces her team. Many of them thought the X-Men were gone. A man interrupts they should turn themselves in. Mutants are spreading disease! How many humans have to die?! Storm corrects him that mutants are dying not humans. They understand their fear. Cyclops did something terrible. But they are not all Scott Summers. They are here to protect all mutants. As of today X-Haven is open to all mutants and their families. She promises they are not alone and if they are in danger the X-Men will find them. They will fight for all people. Humans and Inhumans alike. But they are done hiding. If you hurt them, they will retaliate. They are not the enemy. Now more than ever they must all stand together. And for a moment, she believes she sees Xavier standing in the crowd and smiling in approval. She orders Illyana to take them home. In X-Haven, Cerebra, Forge and the students await them Forge announces her speech is already having an effect. He just talked with Maria Hill of SHIELD and coordinated pick-up and detention for Sinister and the Marauders. And Hill wants to meet with Storm in the morning. SHIELD is offering to help with the mutant search and rescue. Magik suspects a set-up. Storm doubts it and notes that, if they want trust, they need to show it as well. Forge and Anole inform them that more mutants want to come to X-Haven. Heading inside, Colossus wonders if his old room is still free. Noting the burn marks, Magik asks if something happened while she was gone. Jean notices Logan staying behind. Is he coming? He doesn’t think so. Last time he was in the school… He doesn’t think he can go back there. He thinks coming with her was a mistake. Jean asks him if she was there when Mysterio made him kill the X-Men. No, she was gone long before that. She points out she is here now. Everything’s different. If he doesn’t want to go in, neither will she. But if he wants to stay, he won’t have to go in alone. She offers her hand. Someone’s got to keep an eye on her, he sighs. He doesn’t like the way the big see-through kid looks at her. He takes her hand. She muses that Glob is kind of cute. He guesses anything beats her and Slim. Playfully, she informs him there is a teenage Cyclops around too. Wonderful! he sighs. 