Somewhere in Limbo, Magik casts a scrying spell to find out what happened to her runaway protégé, Sapna. She follows her spectral trail until she finds Sapna’s pet demon Boogers and a dimensional portal through which Sapna went. She promises Boogers she will find his mistress and informs Storm this is just like one of the portals Sapna first found in Limbo, when her power first manifested. Illyana has no idea where it leads. She didn’t even know they existed, until Sapna revealed them. Illyana wants to go after her. She is her responsibility. Storm corrects her: she is all of theirs, but amends Illyana is probably the only one who can go after her. Magik is till torn though. Her brother is out there somewhere and she should be looking for him, too. Storm tells her, Illyana is their only hope of finding Sapna. They have things covered here. She speaks form Forge’s workshop. Do they? Marvel Girl asks. Doubtful. She looks at the Apocalypse from the future, currently in a cage. Keeping him in X-Haven is really giving her the creeps. Forge promises he isn’t going anywhere. He built that holding cell specifically for him. He hopes he can use him to figure out a way to transform Colossus back to normal. Storm points out that they first have to find Piotr. Old Man Logan tells her not to worry. They got two of their best on the hunt. A temple in Prague:Two would-be acolytes of Clan Akkaba are complaining about the cold and their robes when they are attacked by Nightcrawler, soon after joined by Iceman. Nightcrawler threatens one of them with his sword demanding Colossus’ location. The acolyte claims he is willing to die for his lord Apocalypse, and Nightcrawler threatens he will test his conviction. Holding his sword to the man’s throat, Kurt threatens to bleed him like the pig he is. The man gives in. He babbles that they don’t know. They are just pledges, not full Akkaba yet. They all picked up and left a day ago. He doesn’t know where they went. Liar! Nightcrawler hisses. Iceman gently reins him in. He points out, the men are scared out of their wits and killing is not who they are. Kurt snaps back that times have changed. They cannot afford to be weak any longer. Being true to themselves isn’t being weak, Bobby retorts and points out they will find Peter. SHIELD gave them their intel on Clan Akkaba. This is merely their first stop. He knows Kurt has been through a lot. Is he sure he’s good? Dejected, Kurt thanks him. Bobby puts the two pledges literally on ice, and Kurt tells him he has to stop with the on the nose jokes as he teleports them away. Limbo:Illyana intends to enter the portal when Storm joins her and insists on coming along. Magik finally relents and they enter the portal together. They fly though different strange realms, all connected by a series of portals. Magik urges them to move on, as Sapna isn’t anywhere in those realms. Finally, they land on a mound of skulls in what appears to be a ruined London. Magik senses that someone is here. She is picking up some strange energy. She hates to think of Sapna alone in this world. If she is, she may be the only thing alive. They should be so lucky, a voice mocks, and an energy blast hits Storm. An old, leather-clad wizard surrounded by three other super-beings informs them they made a hell of a mistake coming to his world. Magik jumps at him, Soulsword drawn and demands where Sapna is. The magician, Jack Craw, ask the woman in the techno-armor, Anne Tenna, if she has any idea what the Goth queen is talking about. Anne Tenna creates a shield to protect herself from Magik. She has no idea, but they are agents of the World-Eater. She picks up some bad magic from them. Jack Craw addresses their other two teammates, Enoch and Spectra, and orders them to kill them. X-Haven:In his workshop, Forge is busy fixing Cerebra. Ernst addresses him and Logan and asks if she can do anything to help. Forge reminds her she has a broken collarbone and a concussion. She would just get in the way here and he has too much to do to worry about her. Dejected, Ernst leaves and Logan remarks that Forge could have taken it easier on the kid. She was just trying to help. Forge snaps back, asking how can she possibly try to help? He has had to download Cerebra’s AI into the computer while fixing her! Cerebra’s voice chimes up from the compute and she asks if she can be of assistance. No! Forge and Logan shout while glaring at each other. Forge continues that on top of that he has to try and reverse-engineer Apocalypse’s power to find a cure for Colossus. And what is Logan doing down here? His superior intellect isn’t exactly an asset! Why doesn’t he go and find something to scratch? He hasn’t any time to be polite right now, especially not to him! Logan stalks out and runs into Jean. He warns her not to go in there. Forge has his wires in a bunch. And that wouldn’t have anything to do with him, would it? Jean smirks. He tells her to go poke around in someone else’s head. Annoyed, Jean calls him a grumpy old grump. Al.Quasr, Egypt:Nighttime:A poor area.Nightcrawler teleports himself and Iceman in. Almost immediately, someone shoots at them from a rooftop. Nightcrawler teleports up and takes them out, then demands Colossus’ location. Iceman, in the meantime, has found an underground cellar. They carefully enter the catacombs and are amazed by the sight. In another dimension, Spectra takes over Storm, who then throws lightning at Magik from behind. In Egypt, the two X-Men find a mural depicting Apocalypse triumphant and the events from the future they just returned from. 