3167 AD:The X-Men just watched Old Man Logan get swallowed by the Horseman Venom. Jean tries to reach him telepathically, while telekinetically protecting herself from the Venom symbionte that urges her to join them. On the Astral plane, she finds Logan sitting legs akimbo, surrounded by nothingness. She urges him to fight the Venom symbionte. It’s making him do terrible things! She swore she’d never let anyone control him again. Please look at her! He’s going to hurt her! He becomes surrounded by Venom, as he is in the real world, and attacks her. As they fight, the Horsemen Iceman points out that they are losing control of the situation. Nightcrawler retorts they need to save Piotr. Storm tells him she needs a second to think of a plan. Teleporting her out of harm’s way, Kurt replies sometimes she thinks too much. As he kicks his ass, Iceman informs future Deadpool that he never really liked him. Deadpool opens his mouth and a swarm of vermin flies toward Iceman. Colossus tosses Glob Herman into Anole as he informs them they are out of their depth. They were always a disappointment. When he tries to attack, Martha Ernst hits him hard. However, to the kids’ surprise, Colossus’ metallic limbs now stretch as he traps Martha and throws her into a wall. Lord Apocalypse was willing to let them live, he announces, but they were weak… they needed the X-Men! Now they will be punished! The present:X-Haven:Night time.Sapna sneaks out of her room. She leaves a letter to Magik under her door and sneaks out of the school. In the letter, she thanks Illyana for everything she’s done, but she feels she has to leave and is going to do it now that Illyana is off to search for the X-Men. She is a coward. Her parents left her here because they thought Sana was evil. Illyana told her that was nonsense, but she is evil. Ever since her powers started manifesting, she’s been having dreams, nightmares in which she kills Illyana with her own Soulsword. Lately, they’ve become more and more real and she is scared that they are visions of the future. But lately, she’s been hearing a voice that promises to cure her. She is leaving now and won’t return unless she is cured. Sapna jumps into a portal and is gone. 3167 AD:Nightcrawler has teleported himself and Storm inside the pyramid. They must find the Ark and Apocalypse. He announces that their best chance is here, while the others hold off the Horsemen. Storm agrees but wants to go on alone. He assures her he is no longer a liability and they have to learn to trust him. After some thinking, Storm agrees and he thanks her. He teleports them up a level where they almost fall into a booby trap. He teleports them to safer ground. That moment, little darts are fired at them from the rock faces adorning the walls. Storm immediately swats them aside by calling up the winds. What was that about being faster? she remarks. Touché, Nightcrawler admits. But from above, Moon Knight swings down, adding he likes the devil’s broken mind. He is almost as crazy as Mark Spector was, he states as he attacks Kurt. Maybe he can join them in there. There is always room for more. Nightcrawler assures Storm that he can handle this, and teleports himself and his foe down the trap and leaves him there. He ‘ports back. Storm suggest the palace is full of more booby traps. He agrees and teleport them right to the top. They are shocked to hear a voice address them by name and announce they are not supposed to be here. It is a wizened Apocalypse, sitting on his throne full of several tubes. He tells them he is this place now. Omega World is himself. He is its heart. They lost their right to this place. His eyes begin to glow. He sees that once again he must rise up and wipe out mutantkind himself. Storm orders Nightcrawler to get to the Ark. He reluctantly teleports away and she glows with lightning as she attacks Apocalypse. She orders him to transform Colossus back. Apocalypse warns her to be careful. His power holds together Omega World. If she kills him, it crumbles and all on it will die, He knows it is hard to accept that mutantkind is an aberration. That they will not survive. They do not belong here. He fires an energy blast at Storm. She drops to her knees but assures him mutantkind will always find a way to survive. Apocalypse calls them bacteria. Omega world is his body now and the Horsemen attack like antibodies do germs. They should thank him. He has given all his power to this place. Because of him, life endures. Storm tells him the Ark doesn’t belong here. If he wants to kill the X-Men, fine, but send the Ark back. It is a little late for that, he smirks and a furnace begins to burn. He informs Storm that the mutant embryos were just destroyed, as he goes for her throat. That moment, Nightcrawler teleports behind Apocalypse and stabs him with a spear. As Apocalypse falls down, Storm tells him he killed them all. 