Omega World, 3167 AD:The X-Men travelled here to retrieve their lost teammate Colossus and their students, as well as the Ark of 600 unborn mutants. Instead, they found Colossus, now as leader of the Horsemen of the Apocalypse who have attacked the X-Men. Colossus grabs Storm, announcing Apocalypse is willing to give the children a chance, but the X-Men have broken the rules by coming here. Old Man Logan kicks him. Colossus throws him hard, announcing they have doomed their species once again. Cerebra intends to contain him. Instead, he tears off her leg and throws it at Jean Grey, who stumbles into Logan. Hitting Anole, Colossus demands the Ark. Glob Herman holds it and begs him not to do this. He doesn’t want to hurt him. Colossus hits him, grabs the Ark and teleports out with the other Horsemen. Storm pleads with him to let them help him – to no avail. The X-Men lick their wounds. Limbo, now:Magik uses her Soulsword to take apart some stone golems attacking her, then commends Sapna for creating those golems. She tells Sapna she’d like to keep training and pushing her to see what else she can do. Sapna reminds her of Dr. Strange’s warning that they should take it slow. Magik reveals Strange can be a stick in the mud. Sapna should never let anyone hold her back. She’s an X-Man now. They sit down. Magik recounts that, as far as they know, Sapna can communicate with and control demonic entities and craft war golems. Who knows what else she can do soon? She suspects she may even be able to reanimate the dead. And then there are those doorways she can conjure in Limbo. As soon as the X-Men are back, she’d like to explore them. Why not now? Sapna asks eagerly, to be told Magik can’t leave X-Haven right now. That reminds her… she has something for her. Sapna needs a costume and, until she has time to design her own, she could have Magik’s old New Mutants uniform. It’s a bit retro… Sapna loves it. She hugs Illyana and thanks her for everything. 3167 AD:Cereba announces that while she is not damaged critically she cannot teleport and has lost contact with Forge in the past. The others realize they are stranded. Jean hopes Forge and Magik will figure out how to get them back, once they get the Ark. Does it even matter anymore? Storm asks dejected. This is their future. It’s over. They are going to lose. Mutantkind is going extinct. She’s tried to stay positive… tried to keep this going, but this… she’s lost Piotr… lost the Ark… 600 potential mutants—gone! Logan reminds her that ain’t on her. Pete made that call to go alone. And she lost them! Ororo replies. If it’s not the Terrigen, it’s Apocalypse. If it’s not Apocalypse, then something else. Everything they’ve been fighting for… this is where it leads! Iceman forcefully asserts himself. He refuses to believe that. This is just another test. A week ago, they believed there would be no more mutants – and now there is the Ark! Maybe this world isn’t the end but an opportunity to start again. And trust him, with everything he’s been through lately, he knows it is never too late to start again. He knows she’s tired but she’s not alone. That’s not how they work. They‘re family! Everyone stares as he announces: let’s do this. Let’s get Colossus and that Ark. Let’s bring him and all of those new mutants home. They begin to make their way through the ruins outside across the corpse of Galactus. The kids warn them Galactus is kind of a big Mole Man piñata by now. They’ve made the trip a couple of times. The Mole Man has left them alone. Anole tries to play wingman for Glob Herman and get him to talk to Jean, on whom he has a crush. Herman admits he is glad she is here. He’s been wanting to talk to her… The tender moment is spoiled when, of course, they are attacked by Moloids, who drag Jean and Glob inside the corpse. Storm orders Logan to follow. Suddenly, the attacking Moloids are lifted away from him courtesy of Jean, who is not in need of rescuing. An explosion later, the three of them are outside again and Glob gushes she is so awesome. The present:X-Haven:Magik enters Forge’s workshop and asks if he has seen Sunfire. Forge replies he sent him back to Earth, as he had business there. Sharply, Magik reminds him that Sunfire had a hand in putting mutantkind on the brink. Does Forge really consider it smart to let him wander off? X-Haven is not a prison! he snaps. Taken aback by his anger, she asks what’s wrong with him anyways. Sarcastically, he tells her not to worry. He’s the tech guy after all - no one else seems to care. By “no one else,” they are talking about Storm? Illyana assumes. He’d like to see them function without him! he huffs. Yet she lets him here sitting in the damn lab all the time. Carefully, she tells him she can’t stand to see him like this and he is the only one who doesn’t seem to get it. Storm doesn’t want him anymore. It’s not going to happen. He needs to move on. He remains grimly silent. That moment, an alert goes off. He explains he just lost contact with Cerebra. He has no way of finding them in the timestream! Magik decides to teleport after the X-Men and find them herself. 3167 AD:The youngsters have taken the X-Men to the doorway of Apocalypse’s domain, a place they’ve been avoiding for the last year. Suddenly, Colossus throws Venom towards them in a fastball special. Logan gets in front of the rest of the team, only to be completely enveloped by the Venom symbiote. Horrified, Jean shouts his name. 