Japan, the ancestral home of Clan Yashida. Hidden in the shadows, Kitty Pryde and ‘Ro witness something unexpected, namely how Mariko Yashida’s half-brother, the Silver Samurai, is cementing an alliance between Clan Yashida and another enemy of the X-Men, Matsu’o Tsurabaya, premier Oyabun of the Hand. Matsu’o remarks he’d hoped that Lady Mariko would join them. His sister is occupied with more pressing concerns of her own, the Silver Samurai states. He handles the Clan’s affairs in her absence. Of course, Matsu’o agrees. He has always been willing to make the tough choices his sister could not. The clan will thrive in her absence.  A shame really, a voice announces from above. He was looking forward to seeing the lady one last time, the clone Wolverine announces. The men are flabbergasted, knowing of his death. What can he say? He got better, he replies as he begins slicing into the guards, (with only one set of claws).  He sniffs, then addresses Kitty, telling her she can hide from these thugs, but never from him. He’ll be nice and kill her quick. He’s a real gentleman, she mocks. But compared to Logan he’ll always be nothing but a cheap fake. “Laugh it up, Sprite!” he warns her. He’s done playing nice!  ’Ro asks her what she is doing. Kitty orders her to leave. This isn’t her fight. ‘Ro asks her to remember last time. How is she gonna beat him? Clone Wolverine suggests she listen. Kitty orders ‘Ro to hold on to her and takes the two of them out of phase with the world. While the Earth spins on its axis, they stay in place. In a matter of heartbeats, they’re miles away and only stop at a train station.  Kitty takes them aboard a bullet train which goes better than 300 miles per hour. They are heading for Tokyo. Best place to hide. She’s only doing this because of her, ‘Ro sulks. Kitty wants to fight!  Kitty admits to herself that what she wants is… complicated. This Wolverine may be a monster but he is wrapped in the body of a man who is like her second father. She knows she may have to fight him to the death but part of her wants to save him, to bring Logan back to life. So until she makes up her mind they keep running!  Meanwhile, another ship, with Gambit and Jean aboard, is trying to find the girls. They wonder about the trick, how Kitty so quickly moved from one place to another. She is full of surprises, Jean remarks. Thinking back on the moment they almost kissed, Gambit agrees.  Kitty and ‘Ro try to rest aboard the train. ‘Ro remarks at least as an X-Man you get to see the world. Unfortunately, it’s rarely a vacation, Kitty retorts. ‘Ro suggests they take one. She, Kitty, Remy. Kitty hesitates when she hears his name, also thinking back on the almost kiss. Not a good idea, she decides. ‘Ro accuses her of liking him and is quite enthusiastic about it. The three of them would make the perfect team!  Room for one more? a voice asks as clone Wolverine’s claws open the roof. ‘Ro panics while Kitty slashes at him with her Adamantium claw. He slices back, announcing she has something of his and he’s not particular about how he gets it back.  ‘Ro suddenly steps up defending the weakened Kitty with lightning. Wolverine threatens he will always heal and how long can she throw lightning? ‘Ro instead manifests winds to keep him back and fog, giving Lockheed the opportunity to set him on fire.  Kitty has caught her second wind and kicks Wolverine out of the train. He’ll be back stronger than ever, she warns ‘Ro, who wonders when it will end. Kitty admits she doesn’t know. The real Logan was near impossible to kill and even if they found a way, she admits she is still not sure she could bring herself to do it. Not even to his evil twin.  ‘Ro worries bout her injuries. She is a mess but will survive, Kitty assures her. Her healing is not quite as efficient as Logan’s so it’ll take a while longer… By the time the train reaches the capital, Kitty is pretty much right as rain, just in time for them being arrested.  In Genosha, the Ghost Panther plans ahead, trying to be whole again and return from the dead.  Back in Tokyo, Kitty and ’Ro are in a cell. While Kitty is relaxed just waiting, ‘Ro wants to break out. Kitty assures her they are safer here. Soon a cop tells them they are free to go. There are no charges.  In the lobby, Mariko Yashida is expecting them. Kitty hugs her, relieved that her friend is here. She is soon taught she is wrong, when she sees who Mariko has brought along: Sigrid Trask and SHIELD troops.  Trask warns Kitty they will open fire if she makes any moves. Phasing may save Kitty, but her little friend will not be that lucky. How could she sell them out? Kitty asks Mariko. The Consortium has been hunting mutants like animals! Then it would seem a fitting end for those with the honor of dogs, the other woman replies coldly. She pledged her heart and life to Logan but he abandoned her for Jean Grey. That insult cannot be forgiven. The X-Men have all sown this wind and now they shall reap the whirlwind! As her brother cements their alliance with the Hand, so she has assumed control over the Consortium. And through them, power over SHIELD. Before she is done, they will learn the true cost of their friend’s betrayal.  That moment, Gambit and Jean Grey come down from the Skimmer. Seems a tad harsh, Gambit comments. Is this vengeance truly worth all this pain? Sigrid snarls that the X-Men killed her mother. They deserve every ounce of pain they get! Silently, she figures that, once they are out of the way, she will reclaim her mother’s seat at the head of the Consortium and show Yashida who’s really in control.  ‘Ro takes out some SHIELD goons asking Kitty if she is still mad she tagged along. A few mores bursts of lightning could change her mind, Kitty admits.  Jean tells Mariko her conflict is with her and asks her to leave the others and Kitty out of this. She’s always been Jean’s friend, Mariko replies, let her pay the price! Jean gathers her powers to stop this but Trask shoots her in the back with a power neutralizer. And soon she also shoots Gambit, Kitty and ‘Ro.  Does she think that makes them helpless? Jean mocks as she hits her hard. The others also fall back on their fighting skills quite successfully. Very quickly, Gambit, Kitty and Jean have the SHIELD agents down, only to find that ‘Ro is missing… as is Mariko.  At the Embassy of Wakanda in Tokyo: Hand leader Matsu’o Tsurabaya and the Silver Samurai are having a holovid conference with Wakandan ruler “perfect” Storm. The two of them ask her to join their alliance with the Consortium. Storm points out Tsurabaya is a consummate liar. Why should she trust them, what’s in it for her? There is nothing they can offer that is not already within her grasp.  She wouldn’t be sure of that, Mariko announces as she steps in, holding fast to ‘Ro. Finally, a tribute worthy of a queen, Storm admits. Their offer has suddenly become far more tempting. She thinks they may all be able to forge a most profitable alliance.  From outside the window, an angry Lockheed watches. 