Nathan, seemingly just a young boy, stands back in a room full of screens where he watches his Marauders fight Havok, Polaris and the Starjammers in Summers Cove, Alaska. Of course, he never shows himself to his troops. After all, what self-respecting Marauder takes his orders from a boy? That’s what he built Mr. Sinister for. For the whole of the 20th century, Nathan walked the Earth amassing the kind of power - an unnatural lifespan the least among them - most tyrants only dream about. But now, a decade into the 21st century, he’s starting to wonder if he’ll ever grow up to truly enjoy it. As a mutant, he is threatened by the inherent terminal disease Burnout.  At Xavier’s school, Corsair has calmed down. He is now dressed in one of Cyclops’ spare uniforms. Gambit suggests he sit the battle out as he was injured battling the Sabretooth clone. Corsair refuses. They attacked his home, hurt his mom and stole his grandson! He didn’t borrow the spare uniform so he’d look pretty. No way do they leave him behind! Now he knows where he gets his stubbornness from, Scott jokes.  For a secret hiding place that Alaska house sure draws a lot of attention, Sabretooth points out. And he ain’t all too thrilled about helping a man who just put a pistol in his face. Hasn’t he done worse? Gambit reminds him. Chris repeats he already apologized. He wasn’t taking any chances after his twin attacked him. Cyclops explains the Marauders are clones. When they die they just get reborn. What worries him is their boss. If the Marauders are back, the same could be said for Mr. Sinister.  They teleport to Alaska where the battle between Starjammers and Havok and Polaris against the Marauders still rages. Hepzibah is struck by an unknown assailant, who then puts the Malice choker on her. Possessed, Hepizbah awakes. A moment later, the other Marauder is hit by an optic blast as the X-Men have arrived and attack.  Scott blasts Blockbuster while reminding the team he wants prisoners. They need to be able to track the villains back to their source. Corsair reminds him they first have to win. Scott orders ‘Ro back to the house and gives her the job of looking after Sikorsky and his Gran alongside Lockheed. “Hepzibah” offers to go with them and make sure they are all right. ‘Ro and Lockheed who is suspicious follow.  Jean tries to scan for Nate, then announces he isn’t alone. He is with a woman; a doctor named Robyn Hanover. Before she can reveal more, Scrambler touches her and scrambles her powers. As Jean sinks down, Cyclops immediately blasts him, then orders Sabretooth and Gambit to get on his son’s trail and protect him.  They find that Hanover is moving fast. Sabretooth suggests she knows where she is going and has a purpose. To escape, Gambit points out. That’s one way of looking at it, Sabretooth replies. He doesn’t trust anybody. He has another scent to follow. Can Gambit handle the chase solo? Gambit asks what it is. Something personal, comes the reply. This takes precedence. They separate.  At the airfield, Robyn tells Nate to get inside a small plane. She tells Nate they saw what happened to that ship. Whatever’s happening involves people with serious superpowers. They are no match for that. They have to get clear and call for help. Nate is convinced his grandfather has all he help he needs. Nevertheless, he obeys while Robyn starts the plane and promises to always keep him safe.  Sabetooth, in the meantime, has locked on a certain scent but is distracted by another. A moment later, the clone Sabretooth attacks him and tears into him. He gloats that, unlike the original, he has a healing factor that works whereas the other man is already blind, and has a fake hand. How is he gonna beat him? Just watch him, punk! the real Sabretooth threatens.  Elsewhere, Cyclops blasts at Prism, trying to protect Jean who is still woozy.  Mystique finds that her bullets do not hit Vertigo, as she is distorting the other woman’s perceptions. Grimly, she vows to bring a machine gun next time.  Rogue is keeping Riptide and Harpoon busy.  Northern Japan, the ancestral home of Clan Yashida: Mariko Yashida, current clan head, kneels in front of a shrine. The picture atop it is of Wolverine, once upon a time the great love of her life. She pledged her heart but he betrayed all their dreams, she muses. Using a katana, she slices the picture apart. Now he is gone and she has nothing save for a righteous hunger for vengeance! She steps outside, accompanied by bodyguards. Death may have taken him beyond her reach but there is still the woman who stole his heart. Before she is done, Jean Grey will suffer, she vows.  Back in Alaska, the battle still rages. Raza admits that Scalphunter is almost too fast for him to hit, possibly even a worthy adversary! Nightcrawler touches Arclight, absorbs her powers and creates a shockwave to rattle her and Blockbuster.  Meanwhile in Wakanda, her advisors wonder why Queen Ororo has summoned the grand council. Not even the director of intelligence or minister of state knows. What has he heard from abroad? the director of intelligence asks and is told that Washington wants to trust the queen but they need a clear vision of her intention.  Queen Storm enters, announcing that trust is an expression of faith. To require proof essentially invalidates the fact. What the great powers want is a Wakanda that knows its place, and will behave. For them, Africa has been little more than a victim. It is time for that to change! Her beloved T’Challa set them in motion along this path. She shall bring his dreams to fruition! She wishes her government to embark on plans for the annexation of the island of Genosha!  Back in Alaska, Kitty sees Scott in trouble with Prism. She asks Ch’od to throw her over there with a fastball special. With her claws she shatters Prism to Cyclops’ disgust, whereas Jean is more pragmatic. Kitty tells herself she just killed a clone. Scott argues that X-Men have to stand for something better. As he did when he killed Sinister? Jean shoots back. Kitty senses something out of sight and disappears into the woods.  At the X-Mansion, Nick Fury asks Daisy Dugan about the X-Men’s status. Their files list the Marauders as destroyed. They are clones, Daisy points out. Perhaps their boss has simply cycled out a new batch. Fury points out he’s registering an anomalous signal that doesn’t fit any of the profiles, any active ones. Scanners won’t lock on it. Could it be Pryde? Fury asks. They ask Moira who disagrees. While Kitty has undergone significant changes she is still Kitty Pryde. Then they may have a problem, Fury fears… Back in Alaska, clone Sabretooth is giving the real thing a hard time. He is about to administer the coup de grace when Kitty slashes him in the back. She follows it up with more cuts and kicks until he is down. Beaten by a girl! she exclaims. That was brutal! the original admits Just doing what comes naturally, Kitty smirks. And she’s even starting to enjoy-- Suddenly, she falls silent in pain as six boneclaws puncture her stomach.  Unable to see, Sabretooth still senses that her heart as gone into overdrive, he can smell blood… those are killing wounds!  Kitty falls down in agony, just trying to tell herself to stay phased. She looks up at her attacker, refusing to believe, as does Sabretooth… for standing above her, eyes filled with hatred, is Wolverine! 