The Inhuman called Karnak rushes down a street within New Attilan, coming to a stop when he finds the blood-covered bodies of several Inhumans including Triton, Inferno, the young Ms Marvel, Gorgon and Crystral strewn on the ground before him. 'What've we got here? A stray Inhuman... come to help his friends?' a voice calls Marvel Girl and the Stepford Cuckoos have trapped Karnak in a psychic illusion where the Inhumans have been slaughtered by Sabretooth and he is under attack by the X-Men. The girls discuss the current war with the Inhumans, unaware that Mindee is in contact with Fantomex, who is in the reality known as the World. He is using Mindee's link to Karnak to copy Karnak's power as Fantomex searches the World, which the Someday Corporation has hacked. He is the guardian of the World, and needs to make sure that it is safe. During the process, Mindee inadvertantly shows Karnak that the Stepford Cuckoos were born in the World, which angers her sisters. They create more X-Men to keep Karnak occupied. Fantomex locates the Someday Corporation's virus within the World, and ends his connection to Mindee. Mindee reveals to the other girls what she was doing with Fantomex, while Karnak thinks he has located the breaking point. Fantomex, meanwhile, announces that with the Someday Corporation's virus, he is going to become the World. out. Karnak turns to see Sabretooth, claws dripping with Inhuman blood, moving towards him, warning him that he is too late, that they got in the way so they got iced. 'You wanna join them, i'm happy to -' Sabretooth begins, before Karnakk moves swiftly towards him and shoves his fingers into Sabretooth's neck, then kicking the savage, startled mutant in the face, knocking his paralyzed body to the ground. Karnak stands on Sabretooth's lower back, then delivers a deadly blow into the back of Sabretooth's neck. Medusa appears and tells Karnak that it is about time he showed up. 'Queen Medusa. The mutants -' Karnak begins. 'They have declared war, yes' Medusa replies. Karnak tells her that they knew this day was coming, as the Terrigen Mists have become increasingly poisonous to mutantkind. 'Now they strike at us... here in the royal city... in order to incapacitate us' Karnak adds. Medusa tells him that they seek to destroy the Terrigen Cloud. 'Without the Inhumans to stand in their way -' Medusa begins, before Karnak interrupts her, asking' Should we?' He tells Medusa to not bother responding to his rhetoric, as they both know the answer. 'The mutants attacked when they might have negotiated. They have made themselves our enemies' Karnak remarks, however he looks around, and decides 'That rings true. But something... does not. This is not New Attilan, is it? Where – am I?' he wonders. Karnak is inside the Tower of Wisdom, trapped though in a psychic construct thanks to the time-displaced Marvel Girl, and the Stepford Cuckoos, who sit in a circle around him. Jean Grey a.k.a. Marvel Girl tells the Cuckoos that Karnak is starting to figure it out, that he knows this isn't real. Celeste tells her to calm down, as they are four of the most powerful telepaths in the world, so if they can't wrangle him back under their control, she doesn't know anyone who can. Celeste then suggests that perhaps they should die him up, just in case he does wake up, but Marvel Girl tells her that she doesn't think that would do any good, as she isn't sure there is a knot that would hold him. She reminds the Cuckoos that Karnak's gift is to see the weakness in any structure, any plan, any person, so right now, that makes him the most dangerous Inhuman around – at least until they have dealt with the cloud. Marvel Girl tells the Cuckoos that they are going to keep Karnak distracted, running in circles, for as long as they can. Phoebe suggests that they are getting a little distracted themselves, and that they need to focus, coordinate their energies. 'Speaking of which... whose bright idea was it to show Sabretooth killing Inhumans?' Mindee admits that was her. She apologizes and tells the others that she should have warned them. 'I just thought... if we can keep Karnak angry... it'll be easier to manipulate him' Mindee explains. Marvel Girl tells her that was a bad call, for eventually, when all the ugliness is over and the dust settles, they are going to need to mend fences with the Inhumans, and that is going to be a lot harder if they think the X-Men are butchers. Celeste looks skeptical as she asks Jean Grey if she really believes they are going to “mend fences”. Jean doesn't answer, and the other Cuckoos fall silent, until Phoebe asks what will happen when Karnak wakes up. 'I mean... if he wakes up and finds us here?' she asks. 'You saw what he did to Sabretooth' Phoebe points out. 'Maybe he kills us. Maybe he escapes. But even if he does... where's he going to go?' Mindee asks. The Tower of Wisdom appears to be floating on a chunk of land, in a strange realm with a pink sky. Other chunks of land and buildings float by, as do strange creatures, while a large robot-like being hovers, emitting bursts of energy. 'Have a care, mademoiselle' a telepathic voice calls out. 'If we lost Karnak in here... we might never see him again. The World is a big place. And full of violent, violent things' the voice adds. They are in the World, an artificial reality, and super-Sentinel factory. 'That's comforting...especially since you're supposed to be watching over us...but instead you're gallivanting around on some secret mission' Mindee responds telepathically to the mercenary Fantomex, who tells her not to worry. 'Ultimaton will not let any harm befall you' Fantomex assures her as he looks up at the robotic being radiating the energy. Mindee then suggests that if they want Karnak off the field, then why not let him go – it sounds like cutting him loose might be good for all of mutant kind. 'Perhaps... but it would not serve our...ulterior motives' Fantomex replies as he drops onto a floating walkway. Fantomex telepathically reminds Mindee that if Karnak wakes up, he will be none-too-pleased with the little telepaths who are holding him prisoner, and explains that Ultimaton is programmed to shield them from the World – not from Inhumans. He adds that he isn't there to protect them in such a circumstance. Mindee assures Fantomex that they can take care of themselves, and that the false chivalry isn't necessary. 'Of course, of course. I never intended to imppugn your abilities' Fantomex replies, before several robots drop down on some small asteroids floating in front of Fantomex. 'After all, I couldn't do this without you' Fantomex remarks, before asking Mindee if she is seeing what he is seeing. 'That's how mental links work' Mindee replies. 'Don't be judgy. It's not often that I willingly allow anyone to telepathically connect with me' Fantomex explains. 'Afraid I'll uncover some deep-rooted secret?' Mindee asks. 'Afraid one of my long-forgotten psychic landmines might go off and give you an explosive aneurism' Fantomex responds, before reporting that it looks like he has been noticed, as the deadly robots turn to him. 'The likelihood of aggression means I'm heading in the right direction' Fantomex informs Mindee, asking her to patch him through to Karnak. 'Let's see how he would handle this dilemma' Fantomex suggests. Fantomex faces the robots, and his predicament is similarly played out to Karnak, who finds himself confronted by Magik, Monet, Psylocke, Warpath and the time-displaced Cyclops. Karnak observes his opponents, then leaps out of the way as Cyclops fires an optic blast towards him. Magik moves in with her Soulsword, but Karnak leaps over that, too. As Fantomex shoves a weapon into the face of one of the robots, Mindee telepathically tells him that she is still unsure why they are keeping this a secret from the others. 'What you're doing -' she begins. 'Yes, yes. I'm fighting the good fight' Fantomex replies, while, in the illusion, Monet flies towards Karnak, who has the young Cyclops in a headlock. Fantomex explains that somehow the forces behind the Someday Corporation were using World biotechnology to try to enhance the sleeper mutants – but they failed, and quite bloodily – but they still managed to hack this system. Fantomex uses the energies of one of the robots to blast another, and informs Mindee that he elected himself as the guardian of the World, the stalwart defender of all its secrets, so he must make sure the breach is sealed. He adds that it would appear the World is in no mood for his intervention today. While Warpath attacks Karnak, but is knocked back, in the illusion, Fantomex explains that a computer virus on the physical plane, designed to steal information and project itself, using the factory to create its own defenses while doing so. 'The others would understand. They wouldn't want to look the other way' Mindee tells Fantomex, who kicks one of the robots over. 'Of course not. And that is why they must be kept in the dark, I'm afraid' Fantomex tells them. He reminds Mindee that the others have a mission of their own to attend to. 'Three telepaths can compensate for one distracted mind. I'm not sure they could handle the distraction, though' he adds as Kanrak is confronted by Psylocke. Shoving his fist through one of the robots, Fantomex announces 'That was oddly satisfying', while Mindee asks if keeping Karnak under their influence isn't solely so Fantomex can patch into his weakness awareness to help him accomplish his goals. 'You woundmme, dear. You know as well as I do... how dangerous the world can be' Fantomex replies. Mindee gasps as she suddenly sees Karnak surrounded by strange cables and wires that are connected to pods where a woman appears to be in stasis in all of the pods. Suddenly, 'What was that? Who did that?' Marvel Girl asks, back in reality. 'It wasn't me' Celeste declares. 'Me either' Phoebe adds, before turning to Mindee. 'What's wrong. I've lost connection' Fantomex tells Mindee, who tells him that she is sorry, and that she lost focus. 'It's unsafe for me to lose connection here!' Fantomex exclaims, while Marvel Girl asks 'What was that, anyway? It looked like -' she begins, before Phoebe tells her that it is nothing she needs to worry about. Celeste and Phoebe glare at Mindee, and Phoebe telepatically asks her what she was going, showing that, revealing that they were “born” here, like the other weapons created in this place. 'Not cool' Celeste snaps. Mindee telepathically explains that it just sort of slipped out, and assures the girls that she has everything under control now. 'Okay. Everybody just..keep your head in the game' Marvel Girl tells the Stepford Cuckoos, as they project more mutants to oppose Karnak – Rogue, Mystique, Toad, Iceman, Nightcrawler, Gambit, the Blob, Deadpool, Colossus, Archangel, Magneto, Domino, Banshee, Armor, the Beast, Old Man Logan and Storm. Karnak is able to knock Iceman and the Blob back, but the other mutants are ready to strike Karnak steps back as Old Man Logan lunges at him, claws ready to strike. The Toad leaps at Karnak, who grabs him and tosses him at Rogue and Armor, knocking them over. Karnak glances over his shoulder and sees Medusa, who tells him that they have taken his people prisoner. 'Don't let this happen!' she exclaims. 'Free them!' Medusa urges Karnak, who walks towards a strange door. 'This...is not real. But... the Inhumans...' he remarks to himself, putting his hand on a panel on the door. 'Yes, yes. We all have species to save' Fantomex mutters as he stands outside a similar door, drawing on Karnak's abilities, he has located this door, leaving a trail of robots strewn about. 'Inhuman... mutant... and whatever is beyond' Fantomex declares as the doors open. 'The virus... like a flower... its petals opening... after all the obstacles... welcoming me' Fantomex remarks as he passes through the doors and walks down a corridor, where tendrils with razor blades and pincers lash out towards him. 'Someday' the robotic voice of a large Sentinel head, which the tendrils are connected to, states as Fantomex stands before it. Mindee tells Fantomex to be carefully, telepathically informing him that she is getting some interference, but that she is plugging this thing, whatever it is, into Karnak's neural pathways. 'Someday' the Sentinel states again. Fantomex tells the Sentinel that Someday is gone, that the mutants they infected with World Technology have been set free. 'And you are -' Fantomex begins, but the Sentinel states 'Someday' once again. 'I was going to say “uesloess” and then use my devilish charm and powers of misdirection to convince you to commit suicide' Fantomex responds, before deciding he should have a look at the Sentinel before he does anything rash. Still linked to Karnak, Fantomex finds the yellow bug-like virus on the Sentinel. 'There we are. That's how Someday hacked into your systems, isn't it?' he remarks. He shoves a knife through the virus, 'Let's just do away with that...make sure no one else has the chance to follow the backdoor they've -' Fantomex stops himself and goes wide-eyed as he looks at something that glows before him. 'Well...what have we here?' he wonders, before puttingit into his jacket pocket. 'Fantomex? Is it done?' Mindee asks. He doesn't respond to her. 'Can you hear me?' Mindee calls out telepathicallly. Fantomex tells her that he hears her, but that now it is time for her to be quiet. 'Excuse me while I place the anti-psi plating back in my mask' Fantomex tells her, as he puts a small device into his mask. 'Wait! Don't just -' Mindee cries, but then she loses contact with him. 'He locked me out!' Mindee exclaims. 'He did? I'm not detecting any changes in his mental state' Jean remarks, while Celeste and Phoebe look at their sister. 'No... not Karnak. It was Fantomex' Mindee explains. 'Fantomex? What are you talking about?' Phoebe asks. Mindee tells the others that Fantomex saw this as an opportunity, a chance to use Karnak to help him stop another threat to mutants. 'So that's where all the psychic non sequiturs were coming from?' Jean asks. 'Everything we're trying to fo – you put it at risk!' she declares. 'I thought I was helping' Mindee snaps back. 'There won't be any mutants to help if we screw up!' Jean snaps. Mindee tells her that it doesn't matter, anyway, as he has gone now. Mindee adds that she doesn't know what he was up to, but that the mental connection is severed. 'You must have known this was wrong, Irma. Otherwise you would have told us' Jean tells Mindee, calling her by her true name. 'You better hope this didn't jeopardize the mission' Jean warns her. At that moment, Karnak looks upwards: 'There it is... the breaking point' he tells himself. Fantomex walks out of the room where the Sentinel head was. The robots he defeated earlier stand up: 'Someday?' they repeat over and over. 'That's right. Someday. But not now' Fantomex tells them. A smile can be seen beneath Fantomex's mask as he declares that there is a new utility function in town. 'Destroy?' one of the robots asks. 'Someday? Hunt and harvest?' another enquires. 'You mean my mutant friends?' Fantomex asks. 'No, no. Let them have their war. I'm done with all that' Fantomex remarks, announcing that there are much more interesting opportunities to consider. He adds that he has gutted the Someday Corporation's access-point to the World's systems, but he couldn't just leave the void he created tenantless, could he? Fantomex reveals that he has seeded his ID, ego and super-ego into the network. 'All hail the God-King virus' he remarks, claiming that when he next sees his old allies and old enemies – he will be quite changed. “Everybody wants to rule the world” he quotes. 'No. I will become the World'. 