Standing opposite her father Magneto, Polaris sighs that timing never worked for them. Magneto agrees. And that is his fault. Dads and daughters, she smiles wistfully. Does he think any of them ever get it right? He cannot imagine that any of them do. Lorna points out that he wasn’t cut out for parenting. He sucks at it. He assures her that, given the chance, he would have done things differently. She steps closer and informs him he wouldn’t have. They can’t change the past. If things were different, they might have been able to carve out a different future, but either way she’s glad they got to talk, here at the end of the world. They are standing on Times Square. Around them people are panicking because of the mad sky. In less than an hour, their Earth will collide with its twin from a different reality. When this Incursion occurs, both universes will die. But Magneto plans to stop it. Lorna asks if he is sure he can do this. He replies that all the terrible things he did, the pain he inflicted on others, on her, were to make the world a better place for mutants. When people look back on his actions through the lens of time, he wants them to see he was right. He wanted mutants to rule. Now he just wants them to survive. She warns him this will kill him. People have noticed them and flock to Magneto, begging him to save them. If that is the price he must pay, he tells Lorna, he will die. Flashback:Magneto’s former island headquarters, years ago:King Namor has followed Magneto’s invitation. Magneto welcomes him. Namor admits to being curious who would be so daring or foolish to summon him. Magneto retorts he is emboldened by a common enemy. Namor hates the people of the surface world and feels the same about Homo sapiens who would do harm to mutantkind. Surely if they knew of this meeting, they would send agents to destroy them. And they would fail, Namor announces, turning his back on Magneto. The might of Namor would be too great for them. The combined might of Namor and Magneto, Magneto corrects him. He’s sure Magneto would in some way assist here and there, Namor replies dismissively. Magneto announces he can bend the primal force of Earth to his will and warns him not to underestimate him. Namor points out it is impossible to underestimate him, as he does not even waste the most fleeting thought on him. Magneto reminds Namor that he too is a mutant and, when the surface world learns this, they will hate him even more. He asks him to join his Brotherhood of Mutants. Together they can rule the earth and the sea. Namor retorts he has nothing to fear from the surface world. By the time they have learned to harness their hate, their civilization will be dust! Present:Polaris tells Magneto, before he does this, what he was doing in Genosha… she would have liked to have seen where that went this time. She still can, he replies and begins focusing his power. He realizes the irony; that for him to save his people, he has to save Homo sapiens as well. As he rises upward, he muses that for the Marauders the world might feel as if it has been turned upside down. They are conditioned to wreak havoc, to kill, but now they find themselves rescuing others. On the ground, Riptide calls Polaris Malice and leers she has been missing this. She retorts that it takes everything for her not to rip him in half. Calling her “Malice” does not strengthen that resolve. She saves some people, then rises up next to Magneto. He is aware that, to become the savior of the world, he must first become the destroyer of another. Flashback:Utopia:Magneto is recovering in the infirmary. He wakes up to find Namor standing next to him. Was he watching him sleep? he demands. He is the king of Atlantis, Namor retorts. If he takes the time to observe another at rest, it is only to wonder why they do not have something better to do. Does Magneto know what is going on outside the world? The girl Hope has returned. He’s met her and, as much as they want that to mean something, mutants are still under attack. X-Men are dying. And Namor thinks he’s not doing enough? Magneto demands. Namor points out that, of everyone here, Magneto is… was the one most worthy of his respect. Tell him, is he doing enough? Magneto blusters he isn’t in the infirmary because he likes it. He’s spent. He used his power in such a way that it almost killed him. If he thinks— Namor turns and walks away. He thinks he’s Magneto and Magneto would find a way to help his people. Present:Magneto crackles with energy in different colors. The people below look at him in awe. He saves them from some debris without even having to strain himself. Polaris wonders what is wrong with them. Why don’t they run? They know there’s no point, Magneto replies. If he fails, the world ends anyway. If they get crushed they’d live long enough to see him succeed, she points out. That’s not why they are watching, he replies. They don’t want to see him save anything. They want to see him extinguish an entire planet. Flashback:Genosha, a few weeks ago:Namor gives Magneto all his data on past Incursions and the ones that are projected to occur. Levitating the data stick, Magneto muses it weighs heavier than he expected. The Illuminati have kept themselves secret for so long. They’ve kept the Incursions a secret. He’s not sure why Namor is telling him this, especially now when he is not strong enough to help. Namor barks a short laugh. That old chestnut again! He touches his shoulder. Magneto is the only person he would trust to finish that task. One day, the sky will rip open and another world will come to destroy theirs. If Namor cannot stop it, then it falls to him. If Namor cannot stop it, he adds. So it is doubtful Magneto will ever have to worry about it. Magneto muses he must make preparations. If there is to be a chance of success, he needs to be stronger. Stronger than ever before. As he flies away, Namor advises him he finds it helpful to picture those worlds as enemies of Atlantis. Perhaps this grim undertaking will be more palatable, if he pictures the other Earth as enemies of mutantkind. Present:Polaris asks if he can repel the other world. He replies he is siphoning as much power from the Earth as possible, soon he’ll take even more. Once he’s close enough, he’ll draw upon the other Earth’s magnetic forces as well. He’ll burn out quickly but should have enough time to do what he must. As he looks into the sky, he recalls the Sub-Mariner’s advice to picture the foe as the enemy of his people, something the other world has just made easier, as it is a sortie of Sentinels attacking. 