Genosha:Magneto and his fellow mutants, Havok, Rogue and Scarlet Witch, watch horrified an attack by Sentinels ordered by the Red Onslaught. Havok asks Magneto to hold them off. Rogue tells him she didn’t mean what she said about him being no better than the Red Skull. Yes, she did, he replies bitterly and flies toward the Sentinels. Mutant Growth Hormone still courses through his blood. His powers are almost what they used to be. He attacks the robot. Iron Man shouts a warning but Magneto is hit by another Sentinel’s beams. Iron Man shouts for help as the Sentinel is about to crush him with his foot. Magneto recalls that Onslaught was spawned from his hate and rage years ago and now it is back and once more he is responsible. He killed the Red Skull and the Onslaught was reborn. He sees the heroes beset by Red Onslaught and his forces. He wonders if any action of his would only cause new horror and flies off. Iron Man curses him as a coward and Rogue’s heart is breaking. Soon, Magneto sits in his headquarters, musing that all he has done is for nothing. He asks Briar Raleigh if, when he is gone, will he be remembered for his accomplishments or for the terrible things he did. For all his righteousness, his people still suffer, perhaps more now than before. As a boy, he could not kill Hitzig. As a man, he could not save his family. As a king, he could not spare the mutants of Genosha. And as agent of vengeance, he unleashed hell. He couldn’t have known, Briar begins. He accuses himself of being blind for failing to anticipate this. He realizes he stands on a mountain of failure while the Red Skill died triumphant. Rogue and Wanda will die because of what he has done and the rest of the mutant race will soon follow. Briar leaves. She accesses a computer. She shows him holograms of footage of his past crimes. He is horrified. Briar tells him his deeds were horrible. He’s maimed murdered and terrorized. He’s razed cities. He’s acted as judge, jury and executioner. He’s brought governments to their knees. Briar looks at all the horrific deeds and seems to be entranced. But that’s not all, she continues. In the video, an injured girl gives an interview describing his anger and how it seemed the world around him was angry too. But if he hadn’t been there, she would be dead. People say he is evil, a terrorist or insane but she’s glad mutants have someone like him… someone who can be angry… who can do the bad things… so they can survive. The video is over, Magneto is shaken. Briar continues that his people might not be completely safe but he’s made a difference for them and she’d say the mutant race is better off because of him, because he does the things he does. And that’s his legacy. He puts on his helmet. There’s her guy, Briar grins. Sometime later in Madripoor, Mystique and Sabretooth tell him he’s got stones for showing up here after the stunt he pulled. And pumped up on MGH, the stuff that offended him so greatly, Raven adds. Give her one reason why she shouldn’t kill him where he stands. Magneto reminds her he made fools of them with only a fraction of his current power. He is not here to fight. He’s here to offer them the opportunity to save the world! Carrington Cottage Psychiatric hospital:Magneto makes the same offer to Carnage, who doesn’t care about the world. All his life, he thought he was following chaos but it’s all a lie. Let it burn! Wouldn’t he like to reclaim his precious chaos? Magneto asks. What would be more random than for someone like him to become a savior? Soon at a San Francisco bar, Magneto finds the Absorbing Man who scoffs at the idea of joining a new Brotherhood. Magneto corrects him this is not about a Brotherhood, it’s about a chance to do something that matters with his miserable life. In New York, he threatens the Hobgoblin with his own bombs and knives if he will not see reason. In Latveria, he finds Dr. Doom and his prisoner Loki. Doom concedes that Magneto has always dealt fairly with him. He believes he speaks for Loki as well by saying he will not follow Magneto but stand by his side. Asgardia:Magneto orders the Enchantress (enjoying a hot spring) to get dressed. They have no time for simple pleasures. Or her nakedness, Loki adds. Her magic is needed against a foe with the very power of the gods. Soon an unsurprised Magneto tells the blind passenger Deadpool to come out, after he sensed the metal in his weapons. After the usual ranting, Deadpool points out that he thought Magneto was a good guy now. But that’s some real Acts of Vengeance stuff he’s got going on. Not even he can be foolish enough to think him a hero, Magneto scoffs. He needed those who are unfettered by conventional morality. But Deadppol is welcome to join them. And so soon Magneto, addresses the gathered villains and tells them right now the world doesn’t need heroes. It needs villains. 